Hey guys, Stefan here from Civils AI and Hey guys, Stefan here from Civils AI and Hey guys, Stefan here from Civils AI and in this quick demo, I'm going to be in this quick demo, I'm going to be in this quick demo, I'm going to be showing you how you can use natural showing you how you can use natural showing you how you can use natural language prompting to extract quantities language prompting to extract quantities language prompting to extract quantities from CAD drawing PDFs. So you'll see from CAD drawing PDFs. So you'll see from CAD drawing PDFs. So you'll see here on the left the prompt that I used here on the left the prompt that I used here on the left the prompt that I used in this example, which is measure and in this example, which is measure and in this example, which is measure and categorize the floor areas and wall categorize the floor areas and wall categorize the floor areas and wall lengths, count the doors, toilets, and lengths, count the doors, toilets, and lengths, count the doors, toilets, and sinks. And here we have our plan drawing sinks. And here we have our plan drawing sinks. And here we have our plan drawing PDF, which has been run through this PDF, which has been run through this PDF, which has been run through this process and is now annotated. On the process and is now annotated. On the process and is now annotated. On the left, you'll see the different left, you'll see the different left, you'll see the different quantities we've read off. So what AI quantities we've read off. So what AI quantities we've read off. So what AI does is it reads if it's a metric or an does is it reads if it's a metric or an does is it reads if it's a metric or an imperial drawing. It will then imperial drawing. It will then imperial drawing. It will then automatically scale this drawing um by automatically scale this drawing um by automatically scale this drawing um by either reading off the scale as it's either reading off the scale as it's either reading off the scale as it's given in the title block or it will read given in the title block or it will read given in the title block or it will read off using measurements from the drawing off using measurements from the drawing off using measurements from the drawing itself and calibrate the measurements itself and calibrate the measurements itself and calibrate the measurements accordingly. Then here on the left we'll accordingly. Then here on the left we'll accordingly. Then here on the left we'll do a breakdown. So according to the do a breakdown. So according to the do a breakdown. So according to the labels which are given on the drawing we labels which are given on the drawing we labels which are given on the drawing we read off the different types of read off the different types of read off the different types of quantities. So in this case, each of quantities. So in this case, each of quantities. So in this case, each of these different floor areas has a label. these different floor areas has a label. these different floor areas has a label. We've read these off accordingly. We'll We've read these off accordingly. We'll We've read these off accordingly. We'll read off lengths. So the different types read off lengths. So the different types read off lengths. So the different types of walls. In this case, if the there of walls. In this case, if the there of walls. In this case, if the there aren't labels given or a legend, then it aren't labels given or a legend, then it aren't labels given or a legend, then it will just default to a kind of numbering will just default to a kind of numbering will just default to a kind of numbering system, which would say wall type one, system, which would say wall type one, system, which would say wall type one, wall type two based on the kind of wall type two based on the kind of wall type two based on the kind of hatching pattern or the um line type hatching pattern or the um line type hatching pattern or the um line type that's used for the walls. But if there that's used for the walls. But if there that's used for the walls. But if there is a legend given, it will also pair is a legend given, it will also pair is a legend given, it will also pair that back to the labels given. So we can that back to the labels given. So we can that back to the labels given. So we can also do counts. So we can count objects. also do counts. So we can count objects. also do counts. So we can count objects. So in this case, we were asking it to So in this case, we were asking it to So in this case, we were asking it to count off these different items in the count off these different items in the count off these different items in the prompt. And then at the end of this, we prompt. And then at the end of this, we prompt. And then at the end of this, we can download this as an Excel file. So can download this as an Excel file. So can download this as an Excel file. So in this case, I've got a breakdown of in this case, I've got a breakdown of in this case, I've got a breakdown of the totals that we saw here on the left the totals that we saw here on the left the totals that we saw here on the left already. And we've also got a breakdown already. And we've also got a breakdown already. And we've also got a breakdown according to the different page uh pages according to the different page uh pages according to the different page uh pages as well. So page one breakdown of the as well. So page one breakdown of the as well. So page one breakdown of the areas, page one breakdown of the lengths areas, page one breakdown of the lengths areas, page one breakdown of the lengths etc for each drawing sheet. So we etc for each drawing sheet. So we etc for each drawing sheet. So we quantify each one. quantify each one. quantify each one. In terms of how this is actually set up In terms of how this is actually set up In terms of how this is actually set up and run, it's quite straightforward. So and run, it's quite straightforward. So and run, it's quite straightforward. So on civils AI you can create projects and on civils AI you can create projects and on civils AI you can create projects and then within those projects is this then within those projects is this then within those projects is this workflows button. So extract quantities workflows button. So extract quantities workflows button. So extract quantities from CAD. So I just click this button. I from CAD. So I just click this button. I from CAD. So I just click this button. I select or I upload which drawings I want select or I upload which drawings I want select or I upload which drawings I want to use. So, in this case, I'm not going to use. So, in this case, I'm not going to use. So, in this case, I'm not going to upload more, but I'm going to select to upload more, but I'm going to select to upload more, but I'm going to select some that I've already um got uh and I some that I've already um got uh and I some that I've already um got uh and I basically just add these um into this basically just add these um into this basically just add these um into this workflow. So, you'll see them there on workflow. So, you'll see them there on workflow. So, you'll see them there on the left. And then I can type in here the left. And then I can type in here the left. And then I can type in here the scope. So, this is the natural the scope. So, this is the natural the scope. So, this is the natural language prompt of what I want AI to language prompt of what I want AI to language prompt of what I want AI to read off. So measure the floor areas read off. So measure the floor areas read off. So measure the floor areas um or measure and group um or measure and group um or measure and group the floor areas, measure the wall the floor areas, measure the wall the floor areas, measure the wall lengths and so on. I can write whatever I want and so on. I can write whatever I want and so on. I can write whatever I want in this prompt. I basically click run up in this prompt. I basically click run up in this prompt. I basically click run up here to start the process. So this will here to start the process. So this will here to start the process. So this will start processing away. Depending on the start processing away. Depending on the start processing away. Depending on the complexity of the task, it will take complexity of the task, it will take complexity of the task, it will take different amounts of time to run. But we different amounts of time to run. But we different amounts of time to run. But we send you an email notification once the send you an email notification once the send you an email notification once the processing has completed. Uh so you'll processing has completed. Uh so you'll processing has completed. Uh so you'll see here the status goes to running and see here the status goes to running and see here the status goes to running and once it's done it will go to completed. once it's done it will go to completed. once it's done it will go to completed. Uh in the meantime I can also show you Uh in the meantime I can also show you Uh in the meantime I can also show you here what we can do. So we can read off here what we can do. So we can read off here what we can do. So we can read off these types this type of information. these types this type of information. these types this type of information. Currently civils AI is limited to floor Currently civils AI is limited to floor Currently civils AI is limited to floor plans and site plan drawings. And um plans and site plan drawings. And um plans and site plan drawings. And um you'll be able to quantify information you'll be able to quantify information you'll be able to quantify information like this shown in this drawing right like this shown in this drawing right like this shown in this drawing right here. So, if you're interested uh to get here. So, if you're interested uh to get here. So, if you're interested uh to get started and to test Civil AI, please do started and to test Civil AI, please do started and to test Civil AI, please do reach out to us and we can set you up reach out to us and we can set you up reach out to us and we can set you up with with a trial or feel free to even with with a trial or feel free to even with with a trial or feel free to even pay for your own license and just get pay for your own license and just get pay for your own license and just get started on your own. So, check out started on your own. So, check out started on your own. So, check out Civils AI if you're interested and thank Civils AI if you're interested and thank Civils AI if you're interested and thank you for listening. Bye-bye.
