Hello everyone and welcome to the NLP Hello everyone and welcome to the NLP Hello everyone and welcome to the NLP full course, [music] a complete journey full course, [music] a complete journey full course, [music] a complete journey into how machines understand language. into how machines understand language. into how machines understand language. In this [music] course, we explore how In this [music] course, we explore how In this [music] course, we explore how computers read text, interpret meaning, computers read text, interpret meaning, computers read text, interpret meaning, extract [music] insights, and even extract [music] insights, and even extract [music] insights, and even generate humanlike responses. You will generate humanlike responses. You will generate humanlike responses. You will learn how NLP powers everyday [music] learn how NLP powers everyday [music] learn how NLP powers everyday [music] tools like chat bots, voice assistant, tools like chat bots, voice assistant, tools like chat bots, voice assistant, search engines, and AI applications we search engines, and AI applications we search engines, and AI applications we [music] use daily. We start with the [music] use daily. We start with the [music] use daily. We start with the basics of text processing, move into basics of text processing, move into basics of text processing, move into core [music] NLP techniques, and then core [music] NLP techniques, and then core [music] NLP techniques, and then explore modern advancements like explore modern advancements like explore modern advancements like transformers, LLMs, and generative AI. transformers, LLMs, and generative AI. transformers, LLMs, and generative AI. And by the end, [music] you will clearly And by the end, [music] you will clearly And by the end, [music] you will clearly understand how language models work and understand how language models work and understand how language models work and how NLP [music] is shaping the future of how NLP [music] is shaping the future of how NLP [music] is shaping the future of communication and intelligence systems. communication and intelligence systems. communication and intelligence systems. So before we [music] begin, please like, So before we [music] begin, please like, So before we [music] begin, please like, share and subscribe to Idora's YouTube share and subscribe to Idora's YouTube share and subscribe to Idora's YouTube channel and hit the bell icon to stay channel and hit the bell icon to stay channel and hit the bell icon to stay updated [music] on the latest tech updated [music] on the latest tech updated [music] on the latest tech content from Idureka. Also check out content from Idureka. Also check out content from Idureka. Also check out Edureka's [music] Edureka's [music] Edureka's [music] postgraduate program in generative AI postgraduate program in generative AI postgraduate program in generative AI and machine learning in collaboration and machine learning in collaboration and machine learning in collaboration with Illinois Tech. [music] It offers a with Illinois Tech. [music] It offers a with Illinois Tech. [music] It offers a unique opportunity to explore the unique opportunity to explore the unique opportunity to explore the cuttingedge world of generative AI cuttingedge world of generative AI cuttingedge world of generative AI [music] [music] [music] and develop advanced AI powered and develop advanced AI powered and develop advanced AI powered solutions. This program [music] covers solutions. This program [music] covers solutions. This program [music] covers in demand topics including machine in demand topics including machine in demand topics including machine learning, deep learning, natural learning, deep learning, natural learning, deep learning, natural language processing, prompt engineering, language processing, prompt engineering, language processing, prompt engineering, [music] generative AI, LLMs, rag, [music] generative AI, LLMs, rag, [music] generative AI, LLMs, rag, agentic AI and much more. Learn from agentic AI and much more. Learn from agentic AI and much more. Learn from industry experts [music] through a industry experts [music] through a industry experts [music] through a curriculum built around real world curriculum built around real world curriculum built around real world hands-on use cases designed to equip you hands-on use cases designed to equip you hands-on use cases designed to equip you with the practical and job ready skills. with the practical and job ready skills. with the practical and job ready skills. So check out [music] the course link So check out [music] the course link So check out [music] the course link given in the description box below. Now given in the description box below. Now given in the description box below. Now let us get started by [music] let us get started by [music] let us get started by [music] understanding what NLP is. Well, human understanding what NLP is. Well, human understanding what NLP is. Well, human beings are the most advanced species on beings are the most advanced species on beings are the most advanced species on earth. There's no doubt in that. And our earth. There's no doubt in that. And our earth. There's no doubt in that. And our success as human beings is because of success as human beings is because of success as human beings is because of our ability to communicate and share our ability to communicate and share our ability to communicate and share information. Now, that's where the information. Now, that's where the information. Now, that's where the concept of developing a language comes concept of developing a language comes concept of developing a language comes in. And when we talk about the human in. And when we talk about the human in. And when we talk about the human language, it is one of the most diverse language, it is one of the most diverse language, it is one of the most diverse and complex part of us. Considering a and complex part of us. Considering a and complex part of us. Considering a total of 6,500 languages that exist. So total of 6,500 languages that exist. So total of 6,500 languages that exist. So coming to the 21st century according to coming to the 21st century according to coming to the 21st century according to the industry estimates only 21% of the the industry estimates only 21% of the the industry estimates only 21% of the available data is present in the available data is present in the available data is present in the structured form. Data is being generated structured form. Data is being generated structured form. Data is being generated as you speak tweet and send messages on as you speak tweet and send messages on as you speak tweet and send messages on WhatsApp or the various other groups of WhatsApp or the various other groups of WhatsApp or the various other groups of Facebook and majority of this data exist Facebook and majority of this data exist Facebook and majority of this data exist in the textual form which is highly in the textual form which is highly in the textual form which is highly unstructured in nature. Now in order to unstructured in nature. Now in order to unstructured in nature. Now in order to produce significant and actionable produce significant and actionable produce significant and actionable insights from this data, it is important insights from this data, it is important insights from this data, it is important to get acquainted with the techniques of to get acquainted with the techniques of to get acquainted with the techniques of text analysis and natural language text analysis and natural language text analysis and natural language processing. So let's understand what is processing. So let's understand what is processing. So let's understand what is text mining and natural language text mining and natural language text mining and natural language processing. So text mining or text processing. So text mining or text processing. So text mining or text analytics is the process of deriving analytics is the process of deriving analytics is the process of deriving meaningful information from natural meaningful information from natural meaningful information from natural language text. It usually involves the language text. It usually involves the language text. It usually involves the process of structuring the input text, process of structuring the input text, process of structuring the input text, deriving patterns within the structured deriving patterns within the structured deriving patterns within the structured data and finally evaluating and data and finally evaluating and data and finally evaluating and interpreting the output. Now on the interpreting the output. Now on the interpreting the output. Now on the other hand, natural language processing other hand, natural language processing other hand, natural language processing refers to the artificial intelligence refers to the artificial intelligence refers to the artificial intelligence method of communicating with an method of communicating with an method of communicating with an intelligence system using the natural intelligence system using the natural intelligence system using the natural language. As text mining refers to the language. As text mining refers to the language. As text mining refers to the process of deriving highquality process of deriving highquality process of deriving highquality information from the text, the overall information from the text, the overall information from the text, the overall goal is here to essentially turn the goal is here to essentially turn the goal is here to essentially turn the text into data analysis via the text into data analysis via the text into data analysis via the application of natural language application of natural language application of natural language processing. That is why text mining and processing. That is why text mining and processing. That is why text mining and NLP go hand in hand. So let's understand NLP go hand in hand. So let's understand NLP go hand in hand. So let's understand some of the applications of text mining some of the applications of text mining some of the applications of text mining or natural language processing. So one or natural language processing. So one or natural language processing. So one of the first and the most important of the first and the most important of the first and the most important applications of natural language applications of natural language applications of natural language processing is sentimental analysis. Be processing is sentimental analysis. Be processing is sentimental analysis. Be it Twitter sentimental analysis or the it Twitter sentimental analysis or the it Twitter sentimental analysis or the Facebook sentimental analysis. It's Facebook sentimental analysis. It's Facebook sentimental analysis. It's being used heavily. Now next we have the being used heavily. Now next we have the being used heavily. Now next we have the implementation of chatbot. Now you might implementation of chatbot. Now you might implementation of chatbot. Now you might have used the customer chat services have used the customer chat services have used the customer chat services provide by various companies and the provide by various companies and the provide by various companies and the process behind all of that is because of process behind all of that is because of process behind all of that is because of the NLP. Now we have speech recognition the NLP. Now we have speech recognition the NLP. Now we have speech recognition and here we are also talking about the and here we are also talking about the and here we are also talking about the voice assistants like Siri, Google voice assistants like Siri, Google voice assistants like Siri, Google Assistant and Cortana. And the process Assistant and Cortana. And the process Assistant and Cortana. And the process behind all of this is because of the behind all of this is because of the behind all of this is because of the natural language processing. Now machine natural language processing. Now machine natural language processing. Now machine translation is also another use case of translation is also another use case of translation is also another use case of natural language processing and the most natural language processing and the most natural language processing and the most common example for it is the Google common example for it is the Google common example for it is the Google translate which uses NLP to translate translate which uses NLP to translate translate which uses NLP to translate data from one language to another and data from one language to another and data from one language to another and that to in the real time. Now other that to in the real time. Now other that to in the real time. Now other applications of NLP include applications of NLP include applications of NLP include spellchecking, keyword search and also spellchecking, keyword search and also spellchecking, keyword search and also extracting information from any doc or extracting information from any doc or extracting information from any doc or any website and finally one of the any website and finally one of the any website and finally one of the coolest application of natural language coolest application of natural language coolest application of natural language processing is advertise on matching processing is advertise on matching processing is advertise on matching basically recommendation of ads based on basically recommendation of ads based on basically recommendation of ads based on your history. Now NLP is divided into your history. Now NLP is divided into your history. Now NLP is divided into two major components that is the natural two major components that is the natural two major components that is the natural language understanding and the natural language understanding and the natural language understanding and the natural language generation. The understanding language generation. The understanding language generation. The understanding generally refers to mapping the given generally refers to mapping the given generally refers to mapping the given input into natural language into useful input into natural language into useful input into natural language into useful representation and analyzing those representation and analyzing those representation and analyzing those aspects of the language. Whereas aspects of the language. Whereas aspects of the language. Whereas generation is the process of producing generation is the process of producing generation is the process of producing meaningful phrases and sentences in the meaningful phrases and sentences in the meaningful phrases and sentences in the form of natural language from some form of natural language from some form of natural language from some internal representation. Now the natural internal representation. Now the natural internal representation. Now the natural language understanding is usually harder language understanding is usually harder language understanding is usually harder than the natural language generation than the natural language generation than the natural language generation because it takes a lot of time and a lot because it takes a lot of time and a lot because it takes a lot of time and a lot of things to usually understand a of things to usually understand a of things to usually understand a particular language especially if you particular language especially if you particular language especially if you are not a human being. Now there are are not a human being. Now there are are not a human being. Now there are various steps involved in the natural various steps involved in the natural various steps involved in the natural language processing which are language processing which are language processing which are tokenization stemming leatization the tokenization stemming leatization the tokenization stemming leatization the poss tags name entity recognition and poss tags name entity recognition and poss tags name entity recognition and chunking. Now starting with chunking. Now starting with chunking. Now starting with tokenization. Tokenization is the tokenization. Tokenization is the tokenization. Tokenization is the process of breaking strings into tokens process of breaking strings into tokens process of breaking strings into tokens which in turn are small structures or which in turn are small structures or which in turn are small structures or units that can be used for tokenization. units that can be used for tokenization. units that can be used for tokenization. So if we have a look at the example So if we have a look at the example So if we have a look at the example here, taking this sentence into here, taking this sentence into here, taking this sentence into consideration, it can be divided into consideration, it can be divided into consideration, it can be divided into seven tokens. Now this is very useful in seven tokens. Now this is very useful in seven tokens. Now this is very useful in the natural language processing part. the natural language processing part. the natural language processing part. Now coming to the second process in Now coming to the second process in Now coming to the second process in natural language processing is stemming. natural language processing is stemming. natural language processing is stemming. Now stemming usually refers to Now stemming usually refers to Now stemming usually refers to normalizing the words into its base or normalizing the words into its base or normalizing the words into its base or the root form. So if you have a look at the root form. So if you have a look at the root form. So if you have a look at the words here we have affectation, a the words here we have affectation, a the words here we have affectation, a effects, affections, affected, affection effects, affections, affected, affection effects, affections, affected, affection and affecting. Now all of these word and affecting. Now all of these word and affecting. Now all of these word originate from a single root word and as originate from a single root word and as originate from a single root word and as you might have guessed it is affect. Now you might have guessed it is affect. Now you might have guessed it is affect. Now stemming algorithm works by cutting off stemming algorithm works by cutting off stemming algorithm works by cutting off the end or the beginning of the word the end or the beginning of the word the end or the beginning of the word taking into account a list of common taking into account a list of common taking into account a list of common prefixes suffixes that can be found in prefixes suffixes that can be found in prefixes suffixes that can be found in an infected word. This indiscriminate an infected word. This indiscriminate an infected word. This indiscriminate cutting can be successful in some cutting can be successful in some cutting can be successful in some occasions but not always. So let's occasions but not always. So let's occasions but not always. So let's understand the concept of limitization. understand the concept of limitization. understand the concept of limitization. Now limitization on the other hand takes Now limitization on the other hand takes Now limitization on the other hand takes into consideration the morphological into consideration the morphological into consideration the morphological analysis of the word. To do so it is analysis of the word. To do so it is analysis of the word. To do so it is necessary to have a detailed dictionary necessary to have a detailed dictionary necessary to have a detailed dictionary which the algorithm can look through to which the algorithm can look through to which the algorithm can look through to link the form back to its original word link the form back to its original word link the form back to its original word or the root word which is also known as or the root word which is also known as or the root word which is also known as lema. Now what lemitization does is lema. Now what lemitization does is lema. Now what lemitization does is groups together different infected forms groups together different infected forms groups together different infected forms of the word called lema and is somehow of the word called lema and is somehow of the word called lema and is somehow similar to stemming as it maps several similar to stemming as it maps several similar to stemming as it maps several words into one common root. But the words into one common root. But the words into one common root. But the major difference between stemming and major difference between stemming and major difference between stemming and limitization is that the output of the limitization is that the output of the limitization is that the output of the limitization is a proper word. For limitization is a proper word. For limitization is a proper word. For example, a limitizer should map the word example, a limitizer should map the word example, a limitizer should map the word gone going and went into go. That will gone going and went into go. That will gone going and went into go. That will not be the output for stemming. Now once not be the output for stemming. Now once not be the output for stemming. Now once we have the tokens and once we have we have the tokens and once we have we have the tokens and once we have divided the tokens into its root form, divided the tokens into its root form, divided the tokens into its root form, next comes the POS tags. Now generally next comes the POS tags. Now generally next comes the POS tags. Now generally speaking the grammatical type of the speaking the grammatical type of the speaking the grammatical type of the word is referred to as POS tags or the word is referred to as POS tags or the word is referred to as POS tags or the parts of speech. Be it the verb, noun, parts of speech. Be it the verb, noun, parts of speech. Be it the verb, noun, adjective, adverb, article and many adjective, adverb, article and many adjective, adverb, article and many more. It indicates how a word functions more. It indicates how a word functions more. It indicates how a word functions in meaning as well as grammatically in meaning as well as grammatically in meaning as well as grammatically within the sentence. A word can have within the sentence. A word can have within the sentence. A word can have more than one part of speech based on more than one part of speech based on more than one part of speech based on the context in which it is used. For the context in which it is used. For the context in which it is used. For example, let's take the sentence, Google example, let's take the sentence, Google example, let's take the sentence, Google something on the internet. Here, Google something on the internet. Here, Google something on the internet. Here, Google is used as a verb although it's a proper is used as a verb although it's a proper is used as a verb although it's a proper noun. Now, these are some of the noun. Now, these are some of the noun. Now, these are some of the limitations or I should say the problems limitations or I should say the problems limitations or I should say the problems that occur while processing the natural that occur while processing the natural that occur while processing the natural language. Now, to overcome all of these language. Now, to overcome all of these language. Now, to overcome all of these challenges, we have the named entity challenges, we have the named entity challenges, we have the named entity recognition also known as NE. So, it is recognition also known as NE. So, it is recognition also known as NE. So, it is the process of detecting the named the process of detecting the named the process of detecting the named entities such as the person name, the entities such as the person name, the entities such as the person name, the company names, we have the quantities or company names, we have the quantities or company names, we have the quantities or the location. Now it has three steps the location. Now it has three steps the location. Now it has three steps which are the noun phrase which are the noun phrase which are the noun phrase identification, the phrase identification, the phrase identification, the phrase classification and entity classification and entity classification and entity disambiguation. So if you look at this disambiguation. So if you look at this disambiguation. So if you look at this particular example here, Google CEO particular example here, Google CEO particular example here, Google CEO Sundap Pichai introduced the new Pixel 3 Sundap Pichai introduced the new Pixel 3 Sundap Pichai introduced the new Pixel 3 at New York Central Mall. So as you can at New York Central Mall. So as you can at New York Central Mall. So as you can see here, Google is identified as a see here, Google is identified as a see here, Google is identified as a organization. Sundap Pichai as a person. organization. Sundap Pichai as a person. organization. Sundap Pichai as a person. We have New York as location and Central We have New York as location and Central We have New York as location and Central Mall is also defined as an organization. Mall is also defined as an organization. Mall is also defined as an organization. Now once we have divided the sentences Now once we have divided the sentences Now once we have divided the sentences into tokens, done the stemming, the into tokens, done the stemming, the into tokens, done the stemming, the limitization, added the tags, added the limitization, added the tags, added the limitization, added the tags, added the name entity recognition, it's time for name entity recognition, it's time for name entity recognition, it's time for us to group it back together and make us to group it back together and make us to group it back together and make sense out of it. So for that we have sense out of it. So for that we have sense out of it. So for that we have chunking. So chunking basically means chunking. So chunking basically means chunking. So chunking basically means picking up individual pieces of picking up individual pieces of picking up individual pieces of information and grouping them together information and grouping them together information and grouping them together into the bigger pieces. Now these bigger into the bigger pieces. Now these bigger into the bigger pieces. Now these bigger pieces are also known as chunks. In the pieces are also known as chunks. In the pieces are also known as chunks. In the context of NLP, chunking means grouping context of NLP, chunking means grouping context of NLP, chunking means grouping of words or tokens into chunks. So as of words or tokens into chunks. So as of words or tokens into chunks. So as you can see here we have pink as an you can see here we have pink as an you can see here we have pink as an adjective, panther as a noun and the as adjective, panther as a noun and the as adjective, panther as a noun and the as a determiner and all of these are a determiner and all of these are a determiner and all of these are together chunked into a noun phrase. Now together chunked into a noun phrase. Now together chunked into a noun phrase. Now this helps in getting insights and this helps in getting insights and this helps in getting insights and meaningful information from the given meaningful information from the given meaningful information from the given text. Now you might be wondering where text. Now you might be wondering where text. Now you might be wondering where does one execute or run all of these does one execute or run all of these does one execute or run all of these programs and all of these function on a programs and all of these function on a programs and all of these function on a given text file. So for that Python came given text file. So for that Python came given text file. So for that Python came up with NLTK. Now what is NLTK? NLTK is up with NLTK. Now what is NLTK? NLTK is up with NLTK. Now what is NLTK? NLTK is the natural language toolkit library the natural language toolkit library the natural language toolkit library which is heavily used for all the which is heavily used for all the which is heavily used for all the natural language processing and the text natural language processing and the text natural language processing and the text analysis. analysis. analysis. [music] So what is NLP? Natural language So what is NLP? Natural language So what is NLP? Natural language processing or in short NLP is a processing or in short NLP is a processing or in short NLP is a automatic way of presenting or automatic way of presenting or automatic way of presenting or processing human language. What I'm processing human language. What I'm processing human language. What I'm trying to say here is here we try to trying to say here is here we try to trying to say here is here we try to develop applications and services in develop applications and services in develop applications and services in order to understand human language. Some order to understand human language. Some order to understand human language. Some of the practical examples of NLP are of the practical examples of NLP are of the practical examples of NLP are Google voice search, sentiment analysis Google voice search, sentiment analysis Google voice search, sentiment analysis and many more. As I mentioned earlier, and many more. As I mentioned earlier, and many more. As I mentioned earlier, we use NLP to extract meaningful data we use NLP to extract meaningful data we use NLP to extract meaningful data from textual data, right? So, do you from textual data, right? So, do you from textual data, right? So, do you think NLP is a magical tool that when a think NLP is a magical tool that when a think NLP is a magical tool that when a text is passed, we get a desired output? text is passed, we get a desired output? text is passed, we get a desired output? Well, this isn't the case. But as a Well, this isn't the case. But as a Well, this isn't the case. But as a matter of fact, raw text input data has matter of fact, raw text input data has matter of fact, raw text input data has to go through various stages just so to go through various stages just so to go through various stages just so that we can perform operations on the that we can perform operations on the that we can perform operations on the textual data set. As you see here in the textual data set. As you see here in the textual data set. As you see here in the pipeline, a raw text data under goes pipeline, a raw text data under goes pipeline, a raw text data under goes data cleaning which involves steps like data cleaning which involves steps like data cleaning which involves steps like tokenization, stop word removal, tokenization, stop word removal, tokenization, stop word removal, limitization and many more. The next limitization and many more. The next limitization and many more. The next step is vectorization where we convert step is vectorization where we convert step is vectorization where we convert our text data into numerical format. our text data into numerical format. our text data into numerical format. Finally, based on the requirements, we Finally, based on the requirements, we Finally, based on the requirements, we perform the classification task. All perform the classification task. All perform the classification task. All right, now let's see few of these steps right, now let's see few of these steps right, now let's see few of these steps in detail. Starting off with cleaning in detail. Starting off with cleaning in detail. Starting off with cleaning our data. As mentioned earlier, here the our data. As mentioned earlier, here the our data. As mentioned earlier, here the goal is to convert raw text into clean goal is to convert raw text into clean goal is to convert raw text into clean text data. This involves steps like text data. This involves steps like text data. This involves steps like tokenization, stop word removal, tokenization, stop word removal, tokenization, stop word removal, stemming and many more. Speaking about stemming and many more. Speaking about stemming and many more. Speaking about tokenization, tokenization is essential tokenization, tokenization is essential tokenization, tokenization is essential for splitting a sentence or a paragraph for splitting a sentence or a paragraph for splitting a sentence or a paragraph or a entire text documents into smaller or a entire text documents into smaller or a entire text documents into smaller units such as individual words or units such as individual words or units such as individual words or phrase. Each of these smaller units are phrase. Each of these smaller units are phrase. Each of these smaller units are then called as tokens. Then we have stop then called as tokens. Then we have stop then called as tokens. Then we have stop word removal. Stop word removal in word removal. Stop word removal in word removal. Stop word removal in general refers to filtering words whose general refers to filtering words whose general refers to filtering words whose presence in a sentence make no presence in a sentence make no presence in a sentence make no difference to the analysis of our data. difference to the analysis of our data. difference to the analysis of our data. So why do we have to remove them? But we So why do we have to remove them? But we So why do we have to remove them? But we remove the stop word just so that you remove the stop word just so that you remove the stop word just so that you know our model doesn't get more know our model doesn't get more know our model doesn't get more complicated. In the next step we have complicated. In the next step we have complicated. In the next step we have something called as stemming. Stemming something called as stemming. Stemming something called as stemming. Stemming is a process of reducing a word into its is a process of reducing a word into its is a process of reducing a word into its root form. What I'm trying to say here root form. What I'm trying to say here root form. What I'm trying to say here is with stemming we're basically is with stemming we're basically is with stemming we're basically removing the prefix. For example removing the prefix. For example removing the prefix. For example consider a word giving. Right? So once a consider a word giving. Right? So once a consider a word giving. Right? So once a stemming is performed on giving the stemming is performed on giving the stemming is performed on giving the giving ends up becoming gift. Moving giving ends up becoming gift. Moving giving ends up becoming gift. Moving ahead we have vectorization. Text ahead we have vectorization. Text ahead we have vectorization. Text vectorization is a process of converting vectorization is a process of converting vectorization is a process of converting text into numerical representation. Here text into numerical representation. Here text into numerical representation. Here we end up creating something called as we end up creating something called as we end up creating something called as bag of word model which is a model that bag of word model which is a model that bag of word model which is a model that signifies or represents a text and signifies or represents a text and signifies or represents a text and describes the occurrence of text in that describes the occurrence of text in that describes the occurrence of text in that word document. Finally coming down to word document. Finally coming down to word document. Finally coming down to classification task. Text classification classification task. Text classification classification task. Text classification also known as text tagging or text also known as text tagging or text also known as text tagging or text categorization is a process of categorization is a process of categorization is a process of categorizing text into organized groups categorizing text into organized groups categorizing text into organized groups by using natural language processing. by using natural language processing. by using natural language processing. Text classification can automatically Text classification can automatically Text classification can automatically analyze text and then assign a set of analyze text and then assign a set of analyze text and then assign a set of predefined tags or categories based on predefined tags or categories based on predefined tags or categories based on the content. Now let's move ahead and the content. Now let's move ahead and the content. Now let's move ahead and understand an open-source tool called as understand an open-source tool called as understand an open-source tool called as NLTK. NLTK stands for natural language NLTK. NLTK stands for natural language NLTK. NLTK stands for natural language toolkit. This toolkit is one of the most toolkit. This toolkit is one of the most toolkit. This toolkit is one of the most powerful NLP libraries which contain powerful NLP libraries which contain powerful NLP libraries which contain packages to make machine understand packages to make machine understand packages to make machine understand human language and reply them in an human language and reply them in an human language and reply them in an appropriate desired response. So why do appropriate desired response. So why do appropriate desired response. So why do we need NLTK? You'll see NLTK has many we need NLTK? You'll see NLTK has many we need NLTK? You'll see NLTK has many built-in package to process our textual built-in package to process our textual built-in package to process our textual data at every stage. We can perform data at every stage. We can perform data at every stage. We can perform tasks like data cleaning, visualization, tasks like data cleaning, visualization, tasks like data cleaning, visualization, vectorization that will help us in vectorization that will help us in vectorization that will help us in classifying our text. So let me now move classifying our text. So let me now move classifying our text. So let me now move to my code editor and show you how we to my code editor and show you how we to my code editor and show you how we can pre-process or clean our data using can pre-process or clean our data using can pre-process or clean our data using NLTK. NLTK. NLTK. All right guys, as you can see here, I'm All right guys, as you can see here, I'm All right guys, as you can see here, I'm going to use Google Collab. Okay, going to use Google Collab. Okay, going to use Google Collab. Okay, although you can use any of the code although you can use any of the code although you can use any of the code editor like Jupyter notebook or Visual editor like Jupyter notebook or Visual editor like Jupyter notebook or Visual Studio Code, but I would prefer to go Studio Code, but I would prefer to go Studio Code, but I would prefer to go with this. Okay, so in the next stage with this. Okay, so in the next stage with this. Okay, so in the next stage now we need a data set, right? So where now we need a data set, right? So where now we need a data set, right? So where will I get that? So in order to get a will I get that? So in order to get a will I get that? So in order to get a data set what I'm going to do is from data set what I'm going to do is from data set what I'm going to do is from skarn dot data set import fetch 20 news skarn dot data set import fetch 20 news skarn dot data set import fetch 20 news right this fetch 20 news groups will right this fetch 20 news groups will right this fetch 20 news groups will give us a data set so let's quickly see give us a data set so let's quickly see give us a data set so let's quickly see how that would look like all right so if how that would look like all right so if how that would look like all right so if I have to execute this I just need to I have to execute this I just need to I have to execute this I just need to press shift enter okay so let's see our press shift enter okay so let's see our press shift enter okay so let's see our textual data now okay text data textual data now okay text data textual data now okay text data is nothing but we are going to create is nothing but we are going to create is nothing but we are going to create instance of our fetch 20 news group so instance of our fetch 20 news group so instance of our fetch 20 news group so we'll copy this we'll copy this we'll copy this and call it. So what would this return? and call it. So what would this return? and call it. So what would this return? This would return us a bunch right bunch This would return us a bunch right bunch This would return us a bunch right bunch of object. So let's now quickly execute of object. So let's now quickly execute of object. So let's now quickly execute this. this. this. If you're downloading this for the first If you're downloading this for the first If you're downloading this for the first time, it would take some time to time, it would take some time to time, it would take some time to download our data set. Okay. And this download our data set. Okay. And this download our data set. Okay. And this data set is present in this particular data set is present in this particular data set is present in this particular link. Fine. So this is done now. So link. Fine. So this is done now. So link. Fine. So this is done now. So let's quickly look at how this data let's quickly look at how this data let's quickly look at how this data would look like. Okay. So in order to do would look like. Okay. So in order to do would look like. Okay. So in order to do that we are going to use uh like type that we are going to use uh like type that we are going to use uh like type data text data and then you will see data text data and then you will see data text data and then you will see here this is a bunch. So let's now here this is a bunch. So let's now here this is a bunch. So let's now import our numpy and convert this back import our numpy and convert this back import our numpy and convert this back to a a list because we cannot perform to a a list because we cannot perform to a a list because we cannot perform any operations on bunch right we we have any operations on bunch right we we have any operations on bunch right we we have to convert this into a list. So import to convert this into a list. So import to convert this into a list. So import numpy numpy numpy as np. Uh let's execute this. And now as np. Uh let's execute this. And now as np. Uh let's execute this. And now what we're going to do is let's give it what we're going to do is let's give it what we're going to do is let's give it as raw text. So raw text over here would as raw text. So raw text over here would as raw text. So raw text over here would be equal to text data. Okay. Dot data. be equal to text data. Okay. Dot data. be equal to text data. Okay. Dot data. Okay. So let's print how this data would Okay. So let's print how this data would Okay. So let's print how this data would look like. Raw text. Okay. So as you can see here we have a Okay. So as you can see here we have a Okay. So as you can see here we have a huge amount of data set. Fine. And all huge amount of data set. Fine. And all huge amount of data set. Fine. And all of these are separated by commas. Okay. of these are separated by commas. Okay. of these are separated by commas. Okay. Let me quickly show you here. Okay. So as you can see first off we Okay. So as you can see first off we Okay. So as you can see first off we have a list and then we also have a huge have a list and then we also have a huge have a list and then we also have a huge sentences or you can say a paragraphs sentences or you can say a paragraphs sentences or you can say a paragraphs which are separated by commas. And make which are separated by commas. And make which are separated by commas. And make sure you don't confuse this to CSV. And sure you don't confuse this to CSV. And sure you don't confuse this to CSV. And now what we're going to do is as a list now what we're going to do is as a list now what we're going to do is as a list right we don't want to take the entire right we don't want to take the entire right we don't want to take the entire data set because it's going to be data set because it's going to be data set because it's going to be computationally expensive and apart from computationally expensive and apart from computationally expensive and apart from that it will take more time to execute that it will take more time to execute that it will take more time to execute right. Right. So, and to get a better right. Right. So, and to get a better right. Right. So, and to get a better understanding of what we're doing, we're understanding of what we're doing, we're understanding of what we're doing, we're going to take only first four paragraphs going to take only first four paragraphs going to take only first four paragraphs or sentences, I would say. Fine. So, in or sentences, I would say. Fine. So, in or sentences, I would say. Fine. So, in order to do that, all I'm going to do is order to do that, all I'm going to do is order to do that, all I'm going to do is I'm going to use slice operation have a I'm going to use slice operation have a I'm going to use slice operation have a colon and put four. So, let's see how colon and put four. So, let's see how colon and put four. So, let's see how this would look like now. Okay. So, as this would look like now. Okay. So, as this would look like now. Okay. So, as you can see here, we just have first you can see here, we just have first you can see here, we just have first four paragraphs of sentences. Let me four paragraphs of sentences. Let me four paragraphs of sentences. Let me zoom out here just so that you get a zoom out here just so that you get a zoom out here just so that you get a better view. So, yeah, fine. So, now we better view. So, yeah, fine. So, now we better view. So, yeah, fine. So, now we have our text data and we are supposed have our text data and we are supposed have our text data and we are supposed to start cleaning our data, right? So to start cleaning our data, right? So to start cleaning our data, right? So let's start doing that. What we're going let's start doing that. What we're going let's start doing that. What we're going to do is first off let's reduce all the to do is first off let's reduce all the to do is first off let's reduce all the upper cases into lower case. Okay. So upper cases into lower case. Okay. So upper cases into lower case. Okay. So let me just give here a text and give a let me just give here a text and give a let me just give here a text and give a heading step stage one convert into heading step stage one convert into heading step stage one convert into lower text. Fine. And now what we're going to do is Fine. And now what we're going to do is Fine. And now what we're going to do is in order to convert to a lower text. So in order to convert to a lower text. So in order to convert to a lower text. So we'll just give here lower text. So this we'll just give here lower text. So this we'll just give here lower text. So this is just going to be an array. Let's is just going to be an array. Let's is just going to be an array. Let's ignore this for now. So as we supposed ignore this for now. So as we supposed ignore this for now. So as we supposed to do this like we supposed to no matter to do this like we supposed to no matter to do this like we supposed to no matter what input you take right like whether what input you take right like whether what input you take right like whether it's for a training or a testing data it's for a training or a testing data it's for a training or a testing data set you obviously have to convert it set you obviously have to convert it set you obviously have to convert it rather than writing the entire code here rather than writing the entire code here rather than writing the entire code here let's give it a method so that you know let's give it a method so that you know let's give it a method so that you know next time if you want to lower our text next time if you want to lower our text next time if you want to lower our text we just call the method so def we just call the method so def we just call the method so def lower this is the name of our method and lower this is the name of our method and lower this is the name of our method and then we're going to pass data here that then we're going to pass data here that then we're going to pass data here that would be an argument okay and we have a would be an argument okay and we have a would be an argument okay and we have a for loop now for words in this data for loop now for words in this data for loop now for words in this data raw text fine for words in raw text what raw text fine for words in raw text what raw text fine for words in raw text what we're going to do is we have to append we're going to do is we have to append we're going to do is we have to append it to this part so let's give here as it to this part so let's give here as it to this part so let's give here as clean text in order to get a better clean text in order to get a better clean text in order to get a better understanding clean text stage one so I understanding clean text stage one so I understanding clean text stage one so I hope this is fine okay let me quickly hope this is fine okay let me quickly hope this is fine okay let me quickly copy this and we're going to append this copy this and we're going to append this copy this and we're going to append this part dot append okay so we're supposed part dot append okay so we're supposed part dot append okay so we're supposed to convert our words into lower case to convert our words into lower case to convert our words into lower case right so it's going to be str lower this right so it's going to be str lower this right so it's going to be str lower this is a built-in method and all we're going is a built-in method and all we're going is a built-in method and all we're going to do is we're going to pass This is to do is we're going to pass This is to do is we're going to pass This is words. Okay. So now we have a method. So words. Okay. So now we have a method. So words. Okay. So now we have a method. So let's call this method. So to lower and let's call this method. So to lower and let's call this method. So to lower and all we're going to do is we're going to all we're going to do is we're going to all we're going to do is we're going to pass our raw text input data. Raw text. pass our raw text input data. Raw text. pass our raw text input data. Raw text. Okay. So it's not st it's going to be Okay. So it's not st it's going to be Okay. So it's not st it's going to be str here. Let me quickly execute that str here. Let me quickly execute that str here. Let me quickly execute that once again. Okay. Perfect. So now what once again. Okay. Perfect. So now what once again. Okay. Perfect. So now what we're going to do is let's compare our we're going to do is let's compare our we're going to do is let's compare our raw text with this. So we have something raw text with this. So we have something raw text with this. So we have something like clean text stage one right cl. like clean text stage one right cl. like clean text stage one right cl. So let me execute this. So as you can So let me execute this. So as you can So let me execute this. So as you can see we have from which is capital upper see we have from which is capital upper see we have from which is capital upper case and we have what car is this and case and we have what car is this and case and we have what car is this and here everything has been converted to a here everything has been converted to a here everything has been converted to a lower case. Okay in the next stage we lower case. Okay in the next stage we lower case. Okay in the next stage we have tokenization. As I've mentioned have tokenization. As I've mentioned have tokenization. As I've mentioned earlier what we do with tokenization is earlier what we do with tokenization is earlier what we do with tokenization is whatever the sentence is there or a whatever the sentence is there or a whatever the sentence is there or a paragraph we convert that into either paragraph we convert that into either paragraph we convert that into either you know individual sentences or into you know individual sentences or into you know individual sentences or into individual words. So in order to convert individual words. So in order to convert individual words. So in order to convert this into words we have something called this into words we have something called this into words we have something called as word tokenizer. And to convert this as word tokenizer. And to convert this as word tokenizer. And to convert this into a sentence we have send tokenizer. into a sentence we have send tokenizer. into a sentence we have send tokenizer. So let me quickly go here and give this So let me quickly go here and give this So let me quickly go here and give this name of the next block as stage two. And name of the next block as stage two. And name of the next block as stage two. And this is going to be tokenize. this is going to be tokenize. this is going to be tokenize. Okay. And let's see how our tokens would Okay. And let's see how our tokens would Okay. And let's see how our tokens would look like. Fine. Same like before we look like. Fine. Same like before we look like. Fine. Same like before we have to write one array here. So let's have to write one array here. So let's have to write one array here. So let's give it as clean text two. And this is give it as clean text two. And this is give it as clean text two. And this is going to be empty. Right. And now what going to be empty. Right. And now what going to be empty. Right. And now what we're going to do is from NLTK we're going to do is from NLTK we're going to do is from NLTK dot tokenize dot tokenize dot tokenize import import import sentence tokenizer. sentence tokenizer. sentence tokenizer. Okay. And then we also need word Okay. And then we also need word Okay. And then we also need word tokenizer. Here I'm going to show tokenizer. Here I'm going to show tokenizer. Here I'm going to show sentence tokenizer only for the demo sentence tokenizer only for the demo sentence tokenizer only for the demo sake. We're going to use word tokenizer sake. We're going to use word tokenizer sake. We're going to use word tokenizer in future. Okay. So before this we also in future. Okay. So before this we also in future. Okay. So before this we also have to download something that's called have to download something that's called have to download something that's called as punkit. Okay. So import nltk as punkit. Okay. So import nltk as punkit. Okay. So import nltk and then we have nltk.d download and then we have nltk.d download and then we have nltk.d download we have something called as punkit fine we have something called as punkit fine we have something called as punkit fine let me shift enter let me shift enter let me shift enter all right so now what we're going to do all right so now what we're going to do all right so now what we're going to do is we're going to perform sentence is we're going to perform sentence is we're going to perform sentence tokenizer okay for words or sentence tokenizer okay for words or sentence tokenizer okay for words or sentence in obviously we need this data right in obviously we need this data right in obviously we need this data right clean text one so clean text one what clean text one so clean text one what clean text one so clean text one what we're going to do is sentence we're we're going to do is sentence we're we're going to do is sentence we're going to use send tokenizer as simple as going to use send tokenizer as simple as going to use send tokenizer as simple as that and we are going to pass this that and we are going to pass this that and we are going to pass this sentence Okay. And now in order to sentence Okay. And now in order to sentence Okay. And now in order to obviously we have to store this obviously we have to store this obviously we have to store this somewhere. We're going to store this in somewhere. We're going to store this in somewhere. We're going to store this in a new variable here. Sent tokenize. And a new variable here. Sent tokenize. And a new variable here. Sent tokenize. And this is just for showing you, right? this is just for showing you, right? this is just for showing you, right? This is just for the demo. That's why This is just for the demo. That's why This is just for the demo. That's why I'm not going to use clean text three I'm not going to use clean text three I'm not going to use clean text three over here or two. Okay. So we'll append over here or two. Okay. So we'll append over here or two. Okay. So we'll append this sent this sent this sent dot append. And we're going to append dot append. And we're going to append dot append. And we're going to append sentence here. Okay. So looks good. So sentence here. Okay. So looks good. So sentence here. Okay. So looks good. So let's see how this would look like. let's see how this would look like. let's see how this would look like. So as you can see here, right? Earlier So as you can see here, right? Earlier So as you can see here, right? Earlier we have a single dimension array. Okay. we have a single dimension array. Okay. we have a single dimension array. Okay. And here this each of these over here And here this each of these over here And here this each of these over here represents a paragraph. Now within a represents a paragraph. Now within a represents a paragraph. Now within a paragraph we all know we have multiple paragraph we all know we have multiple paragraph we all know we have multiple sentences. So as you can see now we have sentences. So as you can see now we have sentences. So as you can see now we have become two dimension array and each of become two dimension array and each of become two dimension array and each of these within this array represents a these within this array represents a these within this array represents a paragraph and each of the sentence in paragraph and each of the sentence in paragraph and each of the sentence in this paragraph has become a word or one this paragraph has become a word or one this paragraph has become a word or one particular character. Okay. So now we'll particular character. Okay. So now we'll particular character. Okay. So now we'll do word tokenize and we move ahead. We do word tokenize and we move ahead. We do word tokenize and we move ahead. We need word tokenization. So we'll add need word tokenization. So we'll add need word tokenization. So we'll add this to a clean text too. Okay. Because this to a clean text too. Okay. Because this to a clean text too. Okay. Because this is a part of this thing. So what this is a part of this thing. So what this is a part of this thing. So what we're going to do is we're going to we're going to do is we're going to we're going to do is we're going to perform word tokenization. So let me perform word tokenization. So let me perform word tokenization. So let me give a comment here. Okay. So now what give a comment here. Okay. So now what give a comment here. Okay. So now what I'm going to do is for word tokenize you I'm going to do is for word tokenize you I'm going to do is for word tokenize you know rather than writing this for loop know rather than writing this for loop know rather than writing this for loop I'm going to show you a simple and easy I'm going to show you a simple and easy I'm going to show you a simple and easy way. What we were doing so far is we are way. What we were doing so far is we are way. What we were doing so far is we are initializing this array here and then initializing this array here and then initializing this array here and then writing a for loop and appending it. writing a for loop and appending it. writing a for loop and appending it. Right? We can also do something called Right? We can also do something called Right? We can also do something called as you know list comprehension. Let me as you know list comprehension. Let me as you know list comprehension. Let me just show you what it is. So we have just show you what it is. So we have just show you what it is. So we have this right clean text two. Now in list this right clean text two. Now in list this right clean text two. Now in list comprehension what will happen is the comprehension what will happen is the comprehension what will happen is the for loop we write it within our list. for loop we write it within our list. for loop we write it within our list. Okay. So let's see word tokenize and we Okay. So let's see word tokenize and we Okay. So let's see word tokenize and we obviously want some kind of textual data obviously want some kind of textual data obviously want some kind of textual data over here which will fill it in a while. over here which will fill it in a while. over here which will fill it in a while. So over here I'm going to write for loop So over here I'm going to write for loop So over here I'm going to write for loop for I in clean text data. for I in clean text data. for I in clean text data. Okay. And now whatever words that come Okay. And now whatever words that come Okay. And now whatever words that come out of sentences I want them to be out of sentences I want them to be out of sentences I want them to be tokenized. Okay. So let us now see how tokenized. Okay. So let us now see how tokenized. Okay. So let us now see how this clean text two would look like. this clean text two would look like. this clean text two would look like. So as you can see here we have every So as you can see here we have every So as you can see here we have every word within this sentence converted into word within this sentence converted into word within this sentence converted into form of tokens. Let me scroll this up so form of tokens. Let me scroll this up so form of tokens. Let me scroll this up so that you can see how it looks. So still that you can see how it looks. So still that you can see how it looks. So still it's a two dimension array. You know it's a two dimension array. You know it's a two dimension array. You know whatever is there within this first whatever is there within this first whatever is there within this first array here within this array represents array here within this array represents array here within this array represents a paragraph. Okay. So everything over a paragraph. Okay. So everything over a paragraph. Okay. So everything over here has been converted into a single here has been converted into a single here has been converted into a single word tokens. Fine. So next stage right word tokens. Fine. So next stage right word tokens. Fine. So next stage right we want to remove some punctuations. You we want to remove some punctuations. You we want to remove some punctuations. You see in our data set we have some special see in our data set we have some special see in our data set we have some special characters, punctuations. We don't want characters, punctuations. We don't want characters, punctuations. We don't want these edus and dots. So in order to do these edus and dots. So in order to do these edus and dots. So in order to do that we are going to use something that we are going to use something that we are going to use something called as regular expression. Okay. So called as regular expression. Okay. So called as regular expression. Okay. So let me quickly show you how we can let me quickly show you how we can let me quickly show you how we can implement this using regular expression. implement this using regular expression. implement this using regular expression. So to do that what we're going to do is So to do that what we're going to do is So to do that what we're going to do is we are going to import regular we are going to import regular we are going to import regular expression. Fine. And now what we want expression. Fine. And now what we want expression. Fine. And now what we want is as this is a two dimension data. So is as this is a two dimension data. So is as this is a two dimension data. So we need two for loops. Unlike previous we need two for loops. Unlike previous we need two for loops. Unlike previous we had only one one dimension data but we had only one one dimension data but we had only one one dimension data but now it's going to be 2D data structure. now it's going to be 2D data structure. now it's going to be 2D data structure. Okay. So we'll create something here an Okay. So we'll create something here an Okay. So we'll create something here an empty list which is clean text 3 and empty list which is clean text 3 and empty list which is clean text 3 and then we're going to have a for loop. So then we're going to have a for loop. So then we're going to have a for loop. So for words for words for words in clean text two we're going to create in clean text two we're going to create in clean text two we're going to create one array here and now we're going to one array here and now we're going to one array here and now we're going to have another for loop to access inner have another for loop to access inner have another for loop to access inner words. Right? So for W in words now for words. Right? So for W in words now for words. Right? So for W in words now for regular expression what we are going to regular expression what we are going to regular expression what we are going to do is we're going to show a pattern. do is we're going to show a pattern. do is we're going to show a pattern. Okay. So S is equal to so E dots Okay. So S is equal to so E dots Okay. So S is equal to so E dots substitute. So wherever that particular substitute. So wherever that particular substitute. So wherever that particular character is there we want to substitute character is there we want to substitute character is there we want to substitute it with something else. So dots it with something else. So dots it with something else. So dots substitute then we have R which is going substitute then we have R which is going substitute then we have R which is going to be obviously a comment over here. to be obviously a comment over here. to be obviously a comment over here. Then we have a carrot symbol followed by Then we have a carrot symbol followed by Then we have a carrot symbol followed by W followed by S. We want to replace this W followed by S. We want to replace this W followed by S. We want to replace this with an empty string here. and then with an empty string here. and then with an empty string here. and then word. All right. And now what we're word. All right. And now what we're word. All right. And now what we're going to do is if going to do is if going to do is if is not null, if is not empty, then what is not null, if is not empty, then what is not null, if is not empty, then what we want to do is we want to append that we want to do is we want to append that we want to do is we want to append that word. Okay. Clean dot append w. Finally, word. Okay. Clean dot append w. Finally, word. Okay. Clean dot append w. Finally, we have to add this clean to our main we have to add this clean to our main we have to add this clean to our main array. Okay. So, let's define that array array. Okay. So, let's define that array array. Okay. So, let's define that array as well. as well. as well. Clean text. Oh, yeah. Clean text. Oh, yeah. Clean text. Oh, yeah. You have to give it an array here. You have to give it an array here. You have to give it an array here. Correct. Fine. So let us now append this Correct. Fine. So let us now append this Correct. Fine. So let us now append this to our array. So it's going to be clean to our array. So it's going to be clean to our array. So it's going to be clean text 3 dot append and then we're going text 3 dot append and then we're going text 3 dot append and then we're going to pass just this clean array here. to pass just this clean array here. to pass just this clean array here. Fine. Okay. So let's now see how our Fine. Okay. So let's now see how our Fine. Okay. So let's now see how our this thing looks like. So we have clean this thing looks like. So we have clean this thing looks like. So we have clean text three, right? So clean text three. text three, right? So clean text three. text three, right? So clean text three. You know according to our analysis all You know according to our analysis all You know according to our analysis all of these semicolon everything should of these semicolon everything should of these semicolon everything should disappear by now. Okay. So as you can disappear by now. Okay. So as you can disappear by now. Okay. So as you can see here, we don't have any special see here, we don't have any special see here, we don't have any special characters within our data set. Okay, still this is a 2D array but we Okay, still this is a 2D array but we Okay, still this is a 2D array but we don't only difference over here is that don't only difference over here is that don't only difference over here is that we don't have any special characters. We we don't have any special characters. We we don't have any special characters. We have only alpha numeric values. Right? have only alpha numeric values. Right? have only alpha numeric values. Right? Okay, this is great. So in our next Okay, this is great. So in our next Okay, this is great. So in our next stage we're going to remove stop words. stage we're going to remove stop words. stage we're going to remove stop words. I hope you remember what is stop words. I hope you remember what is stop words. I hope you remember what is stop words. As I've mentioned earlier, stop words is As I've mentioned earlier, stop words is As I've mentioned earlier, stop words is nothing but you know those words which nothing but you know those words which nothing but you know those words which are most commonly repetitive. Okay. So are most commonly repetitive. Okay. So are most commonly repetitive. Okay. So let me now in order to do that let me let me now in order to do that let me let me now in order to do that let me just show you import NLTK. just show you import NLTK. just show you import NLTK. Okay. We obviously going to download the Okay. We obviously going to download the Okay. We obviously going to download the stop words. Okay. So we have NLTK do.d stop words. Okay. So we have NLTK do.d stop words. Okay. So we have NLTK do.d download and we'll download stop words. download and we'll download stop words. download and we'll download stop words. Although we can find the stop words on Although we can find the stop words on Although we can find the stop words on Google. What we can do is we can copy Google. What we can do is we can copy Google. What we can do is we can copy those top words put them in the form of those top words put them in the form of those top words put them in the form of a list and if that stop word is present a list and if that stop word is present a list and if that stop word is present within our data set here make sure you within our data set here make sure you within our data set here make sure you don't include that in our clean text for don't include that in our clean text for don't include that in our clean text for stage. Moving ahead let me just give a stage. Moving ahead let me just give a stage. Moving ahead let me just give a title here title here title here for stop word removal. for stop word removal. for stop word removal. Okay. So now that we have downloaded our Okay. So now that we have downloaded our Okay. So now that we have downloaded our stop word what we're going to do is from stop word what we're going to do is from stop word what we're going to do is from nltk nltk nltk corpus corpus corpus import stopwards. import stopwards. import stopwards. Looks great, right? Okay. So now what Looks great, right? Okay. So now what Looks great, right? Okay. So now what we're going to do is we'll have clean we're going to do is we'll have clean we're going to do is we'll have clean text 4. Okay. Similar to the previous text 4. Okay. Similar to the previous text 4. Okay. Similar to the previous for loop, we going to have four words in for loop, we going to have four words in for loop, we going to have four words in clean text three. And then we'll just clean text three. And then we'll just clean text three. And then we'll just create an empty list which is going to create an empty list which is going to create an empty list which is going to be appended to clean text form. We'll be appended to clean text form. We'll be appended to clean text form. We'll have four word have four word have four word in words. in words. in words. If the clean text three contains this If the clean text three contains this If the clean text three contains this words, right, the stop words, we're words, right, the stop words, we're words, right, the stop words, we're going to eliminate that. Okay. So if not going to eliminate that. Okay. So if not going to eliminate that. Okay. So if not word in stop word word in stop word word in stop word dot words here we're going to pass the dot words here we're going to pass the dot words here we're going to pass the language. language. language. Okay if the word is not present in this Okay if the word is not present in this Okay if the word is not present in this list what we're going to do is we're list what we're going to do is we're list what we're going to do is we're going to append because that means that going to append because that means that going to append because that means that word is not a stop word right we're word is not a stop word right we're word is not a stop word right we're going to append that word okay and now going to append that word okay and now going to append that word okay and now we have to append this to our clean text we have to append this to our clean text we have to append this to our clean text for so clean text for dot append this for so clean text for dot append this for so clean text for dot append this list W. So let me quickly execute this. It would take some time to execute It would take some time to execute It would take some time to execute because it has to go through a lot of because it has to go through a lot of because it has to go through a lot of data set, right? So please be patient data set, right? So please be patient data set, right? So please be patient and let's see how it would look like. and let's see how it would look like. and let's see how it would look like. Okay. So this has finally executed and Okay. So this has finally executed and Okay. So this has finally executed and let's now see how this would look like. let's now see how this would look like. let's now see how this would look like. So clean text 4. So clean text 4. So clean text 4. Okay. So as you can see here we have Okay. So as you can see here we have Okay. So as you can see here we have removed couple of unnecessary words and removed couple of unnecessary words and removed couple of unnecessary words and we have just the important ones. All right. Now, so as you can see, we All right. Now, so as you can see, we All right. Now, so as you can see, we have removed couple of words over here. have removed couple of words over here. have removed couple of words over here. And yeah, so now moving ahead to our And yeah, so now moving ahead to our And yeah, so now moving ahead to our next stage that is stemming. I hope you next stage that is stemming. I hope you next stage that is stemming. I hope you remember what is stemming. Stemming is remember what is stemming. Stemming is remember what is stemming. Stemming is nothing but you know whatever word we nothing but you know whatever word we nothing but you know whatever word we have we have to convert that into a root have we have to convert that into a root have we have to convert that into a root form. So over here data processing is form. So over here data processing is form. So over here data processing is there after stemming it becomes data there after stemming it becomes data there after stemming it becomes data prep-process. Okay, that's what is prep-process. Okay, that's what is prep-process. Okay, that's what is stemming. So let me quickly show you how stemming. So let me quickly show you how stemming. So let me quickly show you how we can perform stemming here. Okay. So as I mentioned earlier we use Okay. So as I mentioned earlier we use Okay. So as I mentioned earlier we use stemming just to remove this prefix stemming just to remove this prefix stemming just to remove this prefix right. So for in order to perform right. So for in order to perform right. So for in order to perform stemming we have various types of stemming we have various types of stemming we have various types of stemmers. So we have something like stemmers. So we have something like stemmers. So we have something like porter stemer, snowball stemmer, porter stemer, snowball stemmer, porter stemer, snowball stemmer, lancaster stemer. So today we're going lancaster stemer. So today we're going lancaster stemer. So today we're going to use porter stemer right. So in this to use porter stemer right. So in this to use porter stemer right. So in this particular example, so let's get that particular example, so let's get that particular example, so let's get that now from [snorts] NLTK now from [snorts] NLTK now from [snorts] NLTK stem. stem. stem. Porter Porter Porter import porter stema. import porter stema. import porter stema. All right. So once we have imported All right. So once we have imported All right. So once we have imported this, we're going to create an instance this, we're going to create an instance this, we're going to create an instance of our port stema. So port is equal to of our port stema. So port is equal to of our port stema. So port is equal to portter stema. portter stema. portter stema. Okay. So just to give an example of what Okay. So just to give an example of what Okay. So just to give an example of what we're going to do here. Let's take three we're going to do here. Let's take three we're going to do here. Let's take three words. Okay. Let's take a list. Let's words. Okay. Let's take a list. Let's words. Okay. Let's take a list. Let's say list is A, right? So a has couple of say list is A, right? So a has couple of say list is A, right? So a has couple of words. Rather than having words, let's words. Rather than having words, let's words. Rather than having words, let's pass a list within our list. Okay. So pass a list within our list. Okay. So pass a list within our list. Okay. So we'll have port we'll have port we'll have port dot stem. This is how we call a stemmer. dot stem. This is how we call a stemmer. dot stem. This is how we call a stemmer. Okay. And here we're going to pass the Okay. And here we're going to pass the Okay. And here we're going to pass the word that we want to stem, right? And word that we want to stem, right? And word that we want to stem, right? And now we're going to have for loop for i now we're going to have for loop for i now we're going to have for loop for i in. Okay. So now let's pass couple of in. Okay. So now let's pass couple of in. Okay. So now let's pass couple of words like let it be like reading words like let it be like reading words like let it be like reading washing. washing. washing. Let's give one word which doesn't have a Let's give one word which doesn't have a Let's give one word which doesn't have a prefix like wash. prefix like wash. prefix like wash. Then let's give driving. Okay. So let's Then let's give driving. Okay. So let's Then let's give driving. Okay. So let's now print this. So this going to be I now print this. So this going to be I now print this. So this going to be I here. And what output that we I'm here. And what output that we I'm here. And what output that we I'm expecting over here is that reading expecting over here is that reading expecting over here is that reading should be converted into read. Washing should be converted into read. Washing should be converted into read. Washing will be converted to wash. And then wash will be converted to wash. And then wash will be converted to wash. And then wash should remain the same because there's should remain the same because there's should remain the same because there's no prefix. And driving would be no prefix. And driving would be no prefix. And driving would be converted to driving drive. So let me converted to driving drive. So let me converted to driving drive. So let me just print here and execute this part. I just print here and execute this part. I just print here and execute this part. I hope you can see this. It read becomes hope you can see this. It read becomes hope you can see this. It read becomes read. Wash remains wash and rest read. Wash remains wash and rest read. Wash remains wash and rest everything remains the same. Okay. I everything remains the same. Okay. I everything remains the same. Okay. I have done a small typo here. So it's have done a small typo here. So it's have done a small typo here. So it's going to be driving. Okay. So let me going to be driving. Okay. So let me going to be driving. Okay. So let me execute this once again. So as you can execute this once again. So as you can execute this once again. So as you can see here we have successfully removed see here we have successfully removed see here we have successfully removed all the prefix and they do make some all the prefix and they do make some all the prefix and they do make some sense. Okay, this is the case in case of sense. Okay, this is the case in case of sense. Okay, this is the case in case of port stema. But this doesn't hold good port stema. But this doesn't hold good port stema. But this doesn't hold good for when we trying to use lancaster for when we trying to use lancaster for when we trying to use lancaster stemer or snowball stemer. So let us now stemer or snowball stemer. So let us now stemer or snowball stemer. So let us now quickly move ahead and see how we can quickly move ahead and see how we can quickly move ahead and see how we can implement the stemer in our data set implement the stemer in our data set implement the stemer in our data set here. So we all know we need our loop here. So we all know we need our loop here. So we all know we need our loop here. here. here. Okay. So before that we're going to have Okay. So before that we're going to have Okay. So before that we're going to have array. So clean text five and it's going array. So clean text five and it's going array. So clean text five and it's going to be an empty list. So now we'll have a to be an empty list. So now we'll have a to be an empty list. So now we'll have a for loop for loop for loop another empty list. Okay. So now we're going to pass this Okay. So now we're going to pass this Okay. So now we're going to pass this list and we're going to append. So it's list and we're going to append. So it's list and we're going to append. So it's going to be w.append. going to be w.append. going to be w.append. It's going to be word. Okay. And now It's going to be word. Okay. And now It's going to be word. Okay. And now we're going to append this smaller list we're going to append this smaller list we're going to append this smaller list to this one. So clean text 5 to this one. So clean text 5 to this one. So clean text 5 dot append w. I hope this is done right. dot append w. I hope this is done right. dot append w. I hope this is done right. Let me quickly execute this. Let me quickly execute this. Let me quickly execute this. Okay. And let me see how this plain text Okay. And let me see how this plain text Okay. And let me see how this plain text file looks like. file looks like. file looks like. Okay. So as you can see here we don't Okay. So as you can see here we don't Okay. So as you can see here we don't have any more uh yeah obviously there's have any more uh yeah obviously there's have any more uh yeah obviously there's there are some errors. That's because there are some errors. That's because there are some errors. That's because you know this stemer might not recognize you know this stemer might not recognize you know this stemer might not recognize it. That's why we have multiple other it. That's why we have multiple other it. That's why we have multiple other stem. But most of the places you can see stem. But most of the places you can see stem. But most of the places you can see I know our words have been converted I know our words have been converted I know our words have been converted down to the stem words. All right. So I hope now you understood All right. So I hope now you understood All right. So I hope now you understood how to perform stemming. But you know as how to perform stemming. But you know as how to perform stemming. But you know as I've mentioned earlier we have multiple I've mentioned earlier we have multiple I've mentioned earlier we have multiple stemmers. We have like porter stemer we stemmers. We have like porter stemer we stemmers. We have like porter stemer we have like lancaster stemmer and each of have like lancaster stemmer and each of have like lancaster stemmer and each of those stemmers are unique in their own those stemmers are unique in their own those stemmers are unique in their own way. Sometimes what happens is when we way. Sometimes what happens is when we way. Sometimes what happens is when we perform stemming we get words which perform stemming we get words which perform stemming we get words which makes no sense right and that thing can makes no sense right and that thing can makes no sense right and that thing can sometime be really annoying. So in order sometime be really annoying. So in order sometime be really annoying. So in order to overcome that we have something to overcome that we have something to overcome that we have something called as limitization. So let me called as limitization. So let me called as limitization. So let me quickly show you what limitization is. quickly show you what limitization is. quickly show you what limitization is. So let me just give limitization here. So let me just give limitization here. So let me just give limitization here. Okay. So in order to get this Okay. So in order to get this Okay. So in order to get this limitization we use something called as limitization we use something called as limitization we use something called as word net. Okay. So from NLTK dot stem word net. Okay. So from NLTK dot stem word net. Okay. So from NLTK dot stem and this is a form of stemming but it and this is a form of stemming but it and this is a form of stemming but it makes sure the word which is being makes sure the word which is being makes sure the word which is being outputed has some sense okay import outputed has some sense okay import outputed has some sense okay import word net limitizer word net limitizer word net limitizer okay and we're going to create an okay and we're going to create an okay and we're going to create an instance of this so it's going to be instance of this so it's going to be instance of this so it's going to be word net or let's give word net w ne word net or let's give word net w ne word net or let's give word net w ne it's going to be word net limitizer it's going to be word net limitizer it's going to be word net limitizer okay and now we obviously have to okay and now we obviously have to okay and now we obviously have to download couple of packages so import nk download couple of packages so import nk download couple of packages so import nk And then we have nltk.d download And then we have nltk.d download And then we have nltk.d download word net. word net. word net. Fine. Perfect. So now in the same way Fine. Perfect. So now in the same way Fine. Perfect. So now in the same way what we're going to do is we'll create what we're going to do is we'll create what we're going to do is we'll create just limitize words. All right. So we just limitize words. All right. So we just limitize words. All right. So we have limitized words here. L e mm still have limitized words here. L e mm still have limitized words here. L e mm still be lemm and then we have an empty array. be lemm and then we have an empty array. be lemm and then we have an empty array. And then we'll have a for loop for words And then we'll have a for loop for words And then we'll have a for loop for words in in in clean text 4. It's not going to be five clean text 4. It's not going to be five clean text 4. It's not going to be five obviously. is going to be clean text 4 obviously. is going to be clean text 4 obviously. is going to be clean text 4 because this is the form of stemming, because this is the form of stemming, because this is the form of stemming, right? And now what we're going to do is right? And now what we're going to do is right? And now what we're going to do is just the same drill. We have W which just the same drill. We have W which just the same drill. We have W which should be an empty list and another for should be an empty list and another for should be an empty list and another for loop loop loop and we are going to append whatever is and we are going to append whatever is and we are going to append whatever is there. W.append there. W.append there. W.append the limitize words. Okay. So word the limitize words. Okay. So word the limitize words. Okay. So word dot limitize and whatever word we want dot limitize and whatever word we want dot limitize and whatever word we want to limitize. So it's going to be word to limitize. So it's going to be word to limitize. So it's going to be word here. And now once this is done, we're here. And now once this is done, we're here. And now once this is done, we're going to append this W to our bigger going to append this W to our bigger going to append this W to our bigger lim. lim. lim. So lem.append So lem.append So lem.append W. And let me execute this now that this is done. So let's see how now that this is done. So let's see how now that this is done. So let's see how this would look like. Okay. So LEM let's this would look like. Okay. So LEM let's this would look like. Okay. So LEM let's print this. print this. print this. Okay. And let me just execute this part Okay. And let me just execute this part Okay. And let me just execute this part here. Okay. We cannot print this. That's Okay. We cannot print this. That's Okay. We cannot print this. That's because it's saying data is too long. So because it's saying data is too long. So because it's saying data is too long. So rather than printing I'll just do this rather than printing I'll just do this rather than printing I'll just do this part here lem so that we can just see part here lem so that we can just see part here lem so that we can just see some glimpse of how our data looks like. some glimpse of how our data looks like. some glimpse of how our data looks like. Okay. So yeah so as you can see here Okay. So yeah so as you can see here Okay. So yeah so as you can see here although we are performing limitization although we are performing limitization although we are performing limitization but now the words make sense just to but now the words make sense just to but now the words make sense just to give you a brief insight right let's give you a brief insight right let's give you a brief insight right let's compare how our data looked earlier and compare how our data looked earlier and compare how our data looked earlier and how it looks now. Okay. So what we'll do how it looks now. Okay. So what we'll do how it looks now. Okay. So what we'll do is we'll take our raw text that is this is we'll take our raw text that is this is we'll take our raw text that is this part here and we'll compare this with part here and we'll compare this with part here and we'll compare this with our final text which is nothing but our final text which is nothing but our final text which is nothing but clean text four right that is after clean text four right that is after clean text four right that is after stemming sorry it's going to be clean stemming sorry it's going to be clean stemming sorry it's going to be clean text five okay so let's now see how it text five okay so let's now see how it text five okay so let's now see how it would look like so let me quickly print would look like so let me quickly print would look like so let me quickly print them print them print them print raw text okay let me execute this first raw text okay let me execute this first raw text okay let me execute this first all right and now let me print clean all right and now let me print clean all right and now let me print clean text live. Okay, as the data is pretty huge, what Okay, as the data is pretty huge, what Okay, as the data is pretty huge, what I'm going to do is I'm just slice this I'm going to do is I'm just slice this I'm going to do is I'm just slice this up over here. Okay, let me just take our up over here. Okay, let me just take our up over here. Okay, let me just take our first one data. Okay, this is going to first one data. Okay, this is going to first one data. Okay, this is going to be the first sentence. And as you can be the first sentence. And as you can be the first sentence. And as you can see here, we have all the words which see here, we have all the words which see here, we have all the words which have been tokenized. And it's unlike have been tokenized. And it's unlike have been tokenized. And it's unlike this part here we have everything which this part here we have everything which this part here we have everything which is it looks organized. Okay. So is it looks organized. Okay. So is it looks organized. Okay. So obviously we want to pre-process this obviously we want to pre-process this obviously we want to pre-process this data right because this makes more sense data right because this makes more sense data right because this makes more sense and it is more easy on a system to and it is more easy on a system to and it is more easy on a system to analyze and the classification would be analyze and the classification would be analyze and the classification would be pretty accurate as compared to what it pretty accurate as compared to what it pretty accurate as compared to what it would be over here. All right now moving would be over here. All right now moving would be over here. All right now moving ahead. I hope now you understand why we ahead. I hope now you understand why we ahead. I hope now you understand why we need to pre-process our data. Okay. So need to pre-process our data. Okay. So need to pre-process our data. Okay. So now that we know how to pre-process our now that we know how to pre-process our now that we know how to pre-process our data using NLTK let's see how data using NLTK let's see how data using NLTK let's see how classification of text is done. So okay classification of text is done. So okay classification of text is done. So okay in order to classify our text we use in order to classify our text we use in order to classify our text we use something called as navebias algorithm. something called as navebias algorithm. something called as navebias algorithm. So what is this nave bias algorithm? You So what is this nave bias algorithm? You So what is this nave bias algorithm? You see before we understand this navebas see before we understand this navebas see before we understand this navebas algorithm right let us see what is algorithm right let us see what is algorithm right let us see what is classification in simple words classification in simple words classification in simple words classification means grouping of data classification means grouping of data classification means grouping of data based on common characteristics. As you based on common characteristics. As you based on common characteristics. As you see here we have couple of figures right see here we have couple of figures right see here we have couple of figures right we have triangles circles and a square. we have triangles circles and a square. we have triangles circles and a square. And now when we pass this through a And now when we pass this through a And now when we pass this through a classification algorithm all of those classification algorithm all of those classification algorithm all of those get categorized into different different get categorized into different different get categorized into different different classes and it's totally based on the classes and it's totally based on the classes and it's totally based on the shape size and whatever other features shape size and whatever other features shape size and whatever other features are. This is a similar way how the are. This is a similar way how the are. This is a similar way how the navebas algorithm works. Okay. So the navebas algorithm works. Okay. So the navebas algorithm works. Okay. So the principle that drives nave bias principle that drives nave bias principle that drives nave bias algorithm is something called as base algorithm is something called as base algorithm is something called as base theorem. And we [clears throat] use base theorem. And we [clears throat] use base theorem. And we [clears throat] use base theorem to calculate the conditional theorem to calculate the conditional theorem to calculate the conditional probability. So let us now see the maths probability. So let us now see the maths probability. So let us now see the maths behind our conditional probability. All behind our conditional probability. All behind our conditional probability. All right. Then as I mentioned earlier, right. Then as I mentioned earlier, right. Then as I mentioned earlier, right, we use navebased algorithm to right, we use navebased algorithm to right, we use navebased algorithm to perform classification on our textual perform classification on our textual perform classification on our textual data. And navebased algorithm has data. And navebased algorithm has data. And navebased algorithm has something called as base theorem. something called as base theorem. something called as base theorem. Okay. And the way this base theorem Okay. And the way this base theorem Okay. And the way this base theorem works is that we have to find a works is that we have to find a works is that we have to find a conditional probability. So what is this conditional probability. So what is this conditional probability. So what is this conditional probability? You see conditional probability? You see conditional probability? You see conditional probability we can say it conditional probability we can say it conditional probability we can say it mathematically like probability of mathematically like probability of mathematically like probability of occurrence of event A when event B has occurrence of event A when event B has occurrence of event A when event B has already occurred is equal to probability already occurred is equal to probability already occurred is equal to probability of occurrence of event B when event A of occurrence of event B when event A of occurrence of event B when event A has already occurred times probability has already occurred times probability has already occurred times probability of occurrence of event A and this would of occurrence of event A and this would of occurrence of event A and this would be normalized by probability of event B. be normalized by probability of event B. be normalized by probability of event B. Okay, I'm sure you might be having Okay, I'm sure you might be having Okay, I'm sure you might be having confusion like what is this right? You confusion like what is this right? You confusion like what is this right? You see this line over here? This represents see this line over here? This represents see this line over here? This represents the conditional probability. Okay. So this is the conditional Okay. So this is the conditional Okay. So this is the conditional probability. Now what we are going to do probability. Now what we are going to do probability. Now what we are going to do is let's understand what is this right? is let's understand what is this right? is let's understand what is this right? So probability of event A and B. So let So probability of event A and B. So let So probability of event A and B. So let us now take event A to be like shopping us now take event A to be like shopping us now take event A to be like shopping and event B would be something like and event B would be something like and event B would be something like rain. Okay. So what is the probability rain. Okay. So what is the probability rain. Okay. So what is the probability of you going to shopping when it has of you going to shopping when it has of you going to shopping when it has already started raining. So this is what already started raining. So this is what already started raining. So this is what this means. Okay. Probability of A B this means. Okay. Probability of A B this means. Okay. Probability of A B right. So this represents and and you right. So this represents and and you right. So this represents and and you can also say it as conditional can also say it as conditional can also say it as conditional probability. So probability of probability. So probability of probability. So probability of occurrence of event A when B has already occurrence of event A when B has already occurrence of event A when B has already occurred. Okay. So when it's already occurred. Okay. So when it's already occurred. Okay. So when it's already raining what is the probability that raining what is the probability that raining what is the probability that you'll be going down for shopping and you'll be going down for shopping and you'll be going down for shopping and there are a couple of terminologies that there are a couple of terminologies that there are a couple of terminologies that you need to know when we are dealing you need to know when we are dealing you need to know when we are dealing with this. Let's quickly see that. Okay. with this. Let's quickly see that. Okay. with this. Let's quickly see that. Okay. So when we dealing with conditional So when we dealing with conditional So when we dealing with conditional probabilities we have couple of probabilities we have couple of probabilities we have couple of terminologies as I've mentioned. So this terminologies as I've mentioned. So this terminologies as I've mentioned. So this part over here is referred to as part over here is referred to as part over here is referred to as posterior probability. posterior probability. posterior probability. Okay. This is the most important part to Okay. This is the most important part to Okay. This is the most important part to be found and this is called as be found and this is called as be found and this is called as likelihood. This part over here probability of This part over here probability of This part over here probability of occurrence of event A is called as prior occurrence of event A is called as prior occurrence of event A is called as prior probability. As you can see by its name, probability. As you can see by its name, probability. As you can see by its name, right? Prior refers to something that right? Prior refers to something that right? Prior refers to something that has already occurred. has already occurred. has already occurred. Okay. And this part over here is the Okay. And this part over here is the Okay. And this part over here is the most unused part that is nothing but most unused part that is nothing but most unused part that is nothing but likelihood. Okay. We call this as likelihood. Okay. We call this as likelihood. Okay. We call this as marginal likelihood. All right. So now speaking about All right. So now speaking about All right. So now speaking about probability, let's see how this concept probability, let's see how this concept probability, let's see how this concept came into existence. So we have came into existence. So we have came into existence. So we have probability only because we have probability only because we have probability only because we have something called as random variables. something called as random variables. something called as random variables. Okay, this random variables give rise to Okay, this random variables give rise to Okay, this random variables give rise to randomness. randomness. randomness. Okay, to give you a better understanding Okay, to give you a better understanding Okay, to give you a better understanding of what I'm trying to say, let's take an of what I'm trying to say, let's take an of what I'm trying to say, let's take an example. Okay, so we have two bags here. example. Okay, so we have two bags here. example. Okay, so we have two bags here. We have say bag one and let's say bag We have say bag one and let's say bag We have say bag one and let's say bag two. Okay. And now what is happening two. Okay. And now what is happening two. Okay. And now what is happening here is in bag one we have balls. Okay. here is in bag one we have balls. Okay. here is in bag one we have balls. Okay. We have red balls. Five of Okay. So do We have red balls. Five of Okay. So do We have red balls. Five of Okay. So do you think probability exists over here? you think probability exists over here? you think probability exists over here? Obviously not. Right. So no matter Obviously not. Right. So no matter Obviously not. Right. So no matter whichever ball you try to pick out we're whichever ball you try to pick out we're whichever ball you try to pick out we're going to get red balls. And randomness going to get red balls. And randomness going to get red balls. And randomness over here is zero. over here is zero. over here is zero. Okay. So let's take one more bag over Okay. So let's take one more bag over Okay. So let's take one more bag over here. So this bag has like five red here. So this bag has like five red here. So this bag has like five red balls and then four blue balls. So do balls and then four blue balls. So do balls and then four blue balls. So do you think probability exists over here? you think probability exists over here? you think probability exists over here? Absolutely. Over here you can see if I Absolutely. Over here you can see if I Absolutely. Over here you can see if I try to put down my hand and pick up any try to put down my hand and pick up any try to put down my hand and pick up any ball. So probability of getting blue is ball. So probability of getting blue is ball. So probability of getting blue is nothing but the total number of elements nothing but the total number of elements nothing but the total number of elements right. So we have like five balls and right. So we have like five balls and right. So we have like five balls and this so it would be 9 divided by total this so it would be 9 divided by total this so it would be 9 divided by total number of blue balls that's nothing but number of blue balls that's nothing but number of blue balls that's nothing but four. Okay. So this is what is four. Okay. So this is what is four. Okay. So this is what is probability. So over here we have more probability. So over here we have more probability. So over here we have more randomness. Okay. This is how randomness. Okay. This is how randomness. Okay. This is how probability came into existence. And probability came into existence. And probability came into existence. And speaking about our conditional speaking about our conditional speaking about our conditional probability, let's try to derive this probability, let's try to derive this probability, let's try to derive this conditional probability equation. Okay. conditional probability equation. Okay. conditional probability equation. Okay. So the way we get this conditional So the way we get this conditional So the way we get this conditional probability is by having P of A probability is by having P of A probability is by having P of A intersection B. Okay. We all know this intersection B. Okay. We all know this intersection B. Okay. We all know this is equal to probability of A by B when B is equal to probability of A by B when B is equal to probability of A by B when B has already occurred. Okay. So this has already occurred. Okay. So this has already occurred. Okay. So this would be our equation one. Okay. would be our equation one. Okay. would be our equation one. Okay. Similarly, we know that it holds good Similarly, we know that it holds good Similarly, we know that it holds good for probability of B intersection A. for probability of B intersection A. for probability of B intersection A. Right. The reason for this is because P Right. The reason for this is because P Right. The reason for this is because P of A intersection B and P of B of A intersection B and P of B of A intersection B and P of B intersection A is commutative. Okay. So intersection A is commutative. Okay. So intersection A is commutative. Okay. So this should be similar. Only difference this should be similar. Only difference this should be similar. Only difference that we're going to have is the change that we're going to have is the change that we're going to have is the change in the values. So instead of A it's in the values. So instead of A it's in the values. So instead of A it's going to be B here times P of A. Okay. going to be B here times P of A. Okay. going to be B here times P of A. Okay. And now when we equate these two right And now when we equate these two right And now when we equate these two right we are going to get something like we are going to get something like we are going to get something like probability of occurrence of event A probability of occurrence of event A probability of occurrence of event A when B has already occurred times when B has already occurred times when B has already occurred times probability of B. And this would be probability of B. And this would be probability of B. And this would be equal to this equation over here. equal to this equation over here. equal to this equation over here. All right. So let's bring this down All right. So let's bring this down All right. So let's bring this down and then we'll have probability of and then we'll have probability of and then we'll have probability of occurrence of event A time probability occurrence of event A time probability occurrence of event A time probability of occurrence of A whole divided by of occurrence of A whole divided by of occurrence of A whole divided by probability of occurrence of B. So this probability of occurrence of B. So this probability of occurrence of B. So this is called as base theorem and if you see is called as base theorem and if you see is called as base theorem and if you see right so this is something which is very right so this is something which is very right so this is something which is very much similar to what we had over here. much similar to what we had over here. much similar to what we had over here. Okay. So this is what is base theorem Okay. So this is what is base theorem Okay. So this is what is base theorem and this is how we derive it. So now you and this is how we derive it. So now you and this is how we derive it. So now you might be wondering how can I use this might be wondering how can I use this might be wondering how can I use this base theorem for classification base theorem for classification base theorem for classification problems. Right. So just a quick recap problems. Right. So just a quick recap problems. Right. So just a quick recap as I mentioned earlier classification is as I mentioned earlier classification is as I mentioned earlier classification is nothing but you know categorizing a data nothing but you know categorizing a data nothing but you know categorizing a data based on its characteristics. Okay. So based on its characteristics. Okay. So based on its characteristics. Okay. So here what's going to happen here? We'll here what's going to happen here? We'll here what's going to happen here? We'll have something like you say we'll have a have something like you say we'll have a have something like you say we'll have a data set, right? So let's take X. So data set, right? So let's take X. So data set, right? So let's take X. So we'll have X data set. So this would be we'll have X data set. So this would be we'll have X data set. So this would be nothing but group of values. Okay, the nothing but group of values. Okay, the nothing but group of values. Okay, the text data. And then we'll have Y. Y is nothing but And then we'll have Y. Y is nothing but And then we'll have Y. Y is nothing but the classes and Y refers to the class. the classes and Y refers to the class. the classes and Y refers to the class. And what this class means is it can be And what this class means is it can be And what this class means is it can be like 0 1 and so on and so forth. So here like 0 1 and so on and so forth. So here like 0 1 and so on and so forth. So here let's take something like 0 and one. And let's take something like 0 and one. And let's take something like 0 and one. And here zero refers to being it not spam here zero refers to being it not spam here zero refers to being it not spam and this is spam. And here x would be and this is spam. And here x would be and this is spam. And here x would be nothing but group of emails. Okay. So now let's put this in a base theorem So now let's put this in a base theorem So now let's put this in a base theorem and see how it would look like. All and see how it would look like. All and see how it would look like. All right. So over here we have for base right. So over here we have for base right. So over here we have for base theorem we'll have something like theorem we'll have something like theorem we'll have something like probability that an email is spam. Okay. probability that an email is spam. Okay. probability that an email is spam. Okay. when we we already have the email is when we we already have the email is when we we already have the email is nothing but probability of this nothing but probability of this nothing but probability of this particular email being in spam class particular email being in spam class particular email being in spam class times probability of that email all times probability of that email all times probability of that email all divided by P of X. Okay. And similarly divided by P of X. Okay. And similarly divided by P of X. Okay. And similarly this is for spam email. And now for not this is for spam email. And now for not this is for spam email. And now for not spam it would be P of Y is equal to spam it would be P of Y is equal to spam it would be P of Y is equal to zero. Okay. Given X this should be zero. Okay. Given X this should be zero. Okay. Given X this should be nothing but given that we have a label nothing but given that we have a label nothing but given that we have a label of non-spam and then what is the of non-spam and then what is the of non-spam and then what is the probability of that email being here? probability of that email being here? probability of that email being here? This would be times probability of y is This would be times probability of y is This would be times probability of y is equal to 0 all divided by p of x. Okay. equal to 0 all divided by p of x. Okay. equal to 0 all divided by p of x. Okay. So this is how it would look like you So this is how it would look like you So this is how it would look like you know base theorem for finding whether know base theorem for finding whether know base theorem for finding whether the email is spam or not. So to better the email is spam or not. So to better the email is spam or not. So to better understand this right let's see what understand this right let's see what understand this right let's see what each of this represents. Okay. Okay. So each of this represents. Okay. Okay. So each of this represents. Okay. Okay. So let's take this part here. I'm pretty let's take this part here. I'm pretty let's take this part here. I'm pretty sure you must be confused what this part sure you must be confused what this part sure you must be confused what this part represents right. So what this part says represents right. So what this part says represents right. So what this part says is think that we have a data set. Okay. is think that we have a data set. Okay. is think that we have a data set. Okay. So let's this be our data set. Okay. So So let's this be our data set. Okay. So So let's this be our data set. Okay. So this is our data set and we have x this is our data set and we have x this is our data set and we have x values here and then we have y values. values here and then we have y values. values here and then we have y values. What this x values will have is nothing What this x values will have is nothing What this x values will have is nothing but emails. Okay. So this is nothing but but emails. Okay. So this is nothing but but emails. Okay. So this is nothing but group of emails and this would be a group of emails and this would be a group of emails and this would be a class. So if the email is spam it would class. So if the email is spam it would class. So if the email is spam it would be zero. If the email is not spam it be zero. If the email is not spam it be zero. If the email is not spam it would be one and then one and zero so on would be one and then one and zero so on would be one and then one and zero so on and so forth. Let's just take it as an and so forth. Let's just take it as an and so forth. Let's just take it as an example and this is something which is example and this is something which is example and this is something which is an unknown value. Right? So this part an unknown value. Right? So this part an unknown value. Right? So this part over here is an unknown. See both of over here is an unknown. See both of over here is an unknown. See both of these are same. Okay. So as of now let's these are same. Okay. So as of now let's these are same. Okay. So as of now let's just consider for a spam email. Okay. So just consider for a spam email. Okay. So just consider for a spam email. Okay. So we need to find a new email. Okay. So we need to find a new email. Okay. So we need to find a new email. Okay. So we'll be given like we'll have a test. we'll be given like we'll have a test. we'll be given like we'll have a test. So let's call this as a train data. So let's call this as a train data. So let's call this as a train data. Right? So X train. Okay. And this is the Right? So X train. Okay. And this is the Right? So X train. Okay. And this is the output. This is a class. So now what output. This is a class. So now what output. This is a class. So now what will happen is I'll be given a email. So will happen is I'll be given a email. So will happen is I'll be given a email. So I'll be like Janet find out whether this I'll be like Janet find out whether this I'll be like Janet find out whether this email that I'm giving you is a spam or email that I'm giving you is a spam or email that I'm giving you is a spam or not spam. So this is going to be like not spam. So this is going to be like not spam. So this is going to be like this. Okay. And then there'll be X test. this. Okay. And then there'll be X test. this. Okay. And then there'll be X test. But only difference is here we don't But only difference is here we don't But only difference is here we don't know which class they belong to. Okay. know which class they belong to. Okay. know which class they belong to. Okay. So what we're supposed to do here is we So what we're supposed to do here is we So what we're supposed to do here is we are supposed to train our model and are supposed to train our model and are supposed to train our model and figure out which class this email would figure out which class this email would figure out which class this email would belong to. Okay, so this is an email belong to. Okay, so this is an email belong to. Okay, so this is an email here. here. here. These are the question marks. Okay, we These are the question marks. Okay, we These are the question marks. Okay, we don't know what class does this email don't know what class does this email don't know what class does this email belong to. So what this P of X and Y is belong to. So what this P of X and Y is belong to. So what this P of X and Y is equal to 1 represents is when we are equal to 1 represents is when we are equal to 1 represents is when we are given a class Y. Okay, when we already given a class Y. Okay, when we already given a class Y. Okay, when we already know that a email is spam, that is this know that a email is spam, that is this know that a email is spam, that is this particular email. What is the particular email. What is the particular email. What is the probability of this email part of being probability of this email part of being probability of this email part of being this? Okay. And then we compute this this? Okay. And then we compute this this? Okay. And then we compute this part over here. And then finally what part over here. And then finally what part over here. And then finally what we're going to do is when we get this we're going to do is when we get this we're going to do is when we get this test data, right? X test data, we'll test data, right? X test data, we'll test data, right? X test data, we'll just say what is the probability of this just say what is the probability of this just say what is the probability of this particular email being a part of zero. particular email being a part of zero. particular email being a part of zero. Okay, zero means not spam and one means Okay, zero means not spam and one means Okay, zero means not spam and one means it's a spam. So we'll basically get a it's a spam. So we'll basically get a it's a spam. So we'll basically get a digital value over here. So for example, digital value over here. So for example, digital value over here. So for example, now let's take an example over here. So now let's take an example over here. So now let's take an example over here. So I got this X test value. X test is I got this X test value. X test is I got this X test value. X test is something which will be over here. So I something which will be over here. So I something which will be over here. So I got this extest value say something like got this extest value say something like got this extest value say something like free free free food. So now this would be represented food. So now this would be represented food. So now this would be represented in spam right? The reason is because in spam right? The reason is because in spam right? The reason is because spam is a keyword which is usually found spam is a keyword which is usually found spam is a keyword which is usually found in a fake email. So what will happen in a fake email. So what will happen in a fake email. So what will happen over here? So probability that a given over here? So probability that a given over here? So probability that a given email that is x test is spam. email that is x test is spam. email that is x test is spam. Okay. So probability that a given email Okay. So probability that a given email Okay. So probability that a given email over here so this email that is this over here so this email that is this over here so this email that is this email is not spam and is spam. So this email is not spam and is spam. So this email is not spam and is spam. So this would say something like this will have would say something like this will have would say something like this will have a high probability of being in a spam a high probability of being in a spam a high probability of being in a spam right? So this would give us a numerical right? So this would give us a numerical right? So this would give us a numerical value say something like 80 which refers value say something like 80 which refers value say something like 80 which refers to 80%. And this would give us like say to 80%. And this would give us like say to 80%. And this would give us like say 20 okay and this is nothing but 20%. So 20 okay and this is nothing but 20%. So 20 okay and this is nothing but 20%. So which among this is high. So obviously which among this is high. So obviously which among this is high. So obviously this particular value is high right. this particular value is high right. this particular value is high right. Therefore this email would be classified Therefore this email would be classified Therefore this email would be classified as a spam email. So this is how as a spam email. So this is how as a spam email. So this is how basically it works. Okay. So now in basically it works. Okay. So now in basically it works. Okay. So now in order to find this values over here you order to find this values over here you order to find this values over here you know that that is nothing but in order know that that is nothing but in order know that that is nothing but in order to find the value of our posterior to find the value of our posterior to find the value of our posterior probability we have to calculate probability we have to calculate probability we have to calculate likelihood prior probability and likelihood prior probability and likelihood prior probability and marginal likelihood. Although we can marginal likelihood. Although we can marginal likelihood. Although we can ignore marginal likelihood this is ignore marginal likelihood this is ignore marginal likelihood this is because we're trying to normalize it. So because we're trying to normalize it. So because we're trying to normalize it. So we can ignore this part. Finding the we can ignore this part. Finding the we can ignore this part. Finding the probability of this is pretty simple probability of this is pretty simple probability of this is pretty simple because all we need to do is find the because all we need to do is find the because all we need to do is find the total number of spam email by total total number of spam email by total total number of spam email by total number of emails. And similarly I would number of emails. And similarly I would number of emails. And similarly I would do it for total number of non-spam do it for total number of non-spam do it for total number of non-spam but total number of spam. But the only but total number of spam. But the only but total number of spam. But the only difficult part over here to find is difficult part over here to find is difficult part over here to find is likelihood. So let's now see how we can likelihood. So let's now see how we can likelihood. So let's now see how we can do that. So to start off let's say do that. So to start off let's say do that. So to start off let's say something like we are given some emails. something like we are given some emails. something like we are given some emails. Okay. So we have 100 emails. Okay. So we have 100 emails. Okay. So we have 100 emails. Out of this 100 emails we have 40 of Out of this 100 emails we have 40 of Out of this 100 emails we have 40 of them are spam. We know that these are them are spam. We know that these are them are spam. We know that these are the 100 emails and 40 of them are spam the 100 emails and 40 of them are spam the 100 emails and 40 of them are spam and 60 of them are not spam. And this and 60 of them are not spam. And this and 60 of them are not spam. And this not spam is represented by zero and spam not spam is represented by zero and spam not spam is represented by zero and spam is represented by one. That is nothing is represented by one. That is nothing is represented by one. That is nothing but y. Okay y is equal to 0 or 1. So how but y. Okay y is equal to 0 or 1. So how but y. Okay y is equal to 0 or 1. So how this would look like is let's say we this would look like is let's say we this would look like is let's say we have a table here and out of this table have a table here and out of this table have a table here and out of this table we'll have say x test which is nothing we'll have say x test which is nothing we'll have say x test which is nothing but the 100 emails okay so we'll have but the 100 emails okay so we'll have but the 100 emails okay so we'll have from 0 1 2 dot dot dot and this would from 0 1 2 dot dot dot and this would from 0 1 2 dot dot dot and this would end up till 100 and now at the same time end up till 100 and now at the same time end up till 100 and now at the same time we'll also have y is nothing but a class we'll also have y is nothing but a class we'll also have y is nothing but a class and these emails over here can belong to and these emails over here can belong to and these emails over here can belong to either 0 1 0 1 or anything but it should either 0 1 0 1 or anything but it should either 0 1 0 1 or anything but it should be either 0 or one and here it's going be either 0 or one and here it's going be either 0 or one and here it's going to be 0 or one it's just that we're to be 0 or one it's just that we're to be 0 or one it's just that we're taking an assumption so now what we're taking an assumption so now what we're taking an assumption so now what we're going to do is we'll be calculating our going to do is we'll be calculating our going to do is we'll be calculating our prior prior probability. So if this is prior prior probability. So if this is prior prior probability. So if this is our data set, our prior probability is our data set, our prior probability is our data set, our prior probability is going to be nothing but going to be nothing but going to be nothing but P of Y is equal to 1. So what this means P of Y is equal to 1. So what this means P of Y is equal to 1. So what this means is count all the spam emails. Okay, is count all the spam emails. Okay, is count all the spam emails. Okay, count all spam emails count all spam emails count all spam emails but total number of emails. but total number of emails. but total number of emails. Okay, so let's now see what would be the Okay, so let's now see what would be the Okay, so let's now see what would be the probability for this. So what is the probability for this. So what is the probability for this. So what is the total number of emails? It's 100, right? total number of emails? It's 100, right? total number of emails? It's 100, right? So it's going to be 100 over here. And So it's going to be 100 over here. And So it's going to be 100 over here. And what are the total number of spam what are the total number of spam what are the total number of spam emails? It's 40. So let's quickly write emails? It's 40. So let's quickly write emails? It's 40. So let's quickly write 40 over here. Similarly, we're going to 40 over here. Similarly, we're going to 40 over here. Similarly, we're going to do this for P of Y is equal to zero. do this for P of Y is equal to zero. do this for P of Y is equal to zero. Okay, here is going to be total number Okay, here is going to be total number Okay, here is going to be total number of emails. of emails. of emails. And here we're going to write all the And here we're going to write all the And here we're going to write all the number of non-spam emails. So what would this give us? This would So what would this give us? This would So what would this give us? This would be 100 which is the total number of be 100 which is the total number of be 100 which is the total number of emails and then we'll have 60. So this emails and then we'll have 60. So this emails and then we'll have 60. So this is how this particular part would look is how this particular part would look is how this particular part would look like. In order to give this in a like. In order to give this in a like. In order to give this in a mathematical form because you know we mathematical form because you know we mathematical form because you know we obviously we'll be putting this in the obviously we'll be putting this in the obviously we'll be putting this in the form of formula right. So in a form of formula right. So in a form of formula right. So in a mathematical form. So this is nothing but an average that So this is nothing but an average that So this is nothing but an average that is 1 by m summation of all the ones for is 1 by m summation of all the ones for is 1 by m summation of all the ones for y is equal to 1 or zero and here this i y is equal to 1 or zero and here this i y is equal to 1 or zero and here this i will range from 0 to n. So basically will range from 0 to n. So basically will range from 0 to n. So basically we're trying to add 111 over here. Okay. we're trying to add 111 over here. Okay. we're trying to add 111 over here. Okay. Okay, so this is how we calculate our Okay, so this is how we calculate our Okay, so this is how we calculate our prior probability and as I've mentioned prior probability and as I've mentioned prior probability and as I've mentioned earlier, we don't have to calculate our earlier, we don't have to calculate our earlier, we don't have to calculate our marginal likelihood and finally we are marginal likelihood and finally we are marginal likelihood and finally we are coming down to important stuff that is coming down to important stuff that is coming down to important stuff that is the likelihood. Okay, so this is the the likelihood. Okay, so this is the the likelihood. Okay, so this is the part this is the likelihood which is the part this is the likelihood which is the part this is the likelihood which is the most important part and the toughest most important part and the toughest most important part and the toughest part to calculate. Although it's pretty part to calculate. Although it's pretty part to calculate. Although it's pretty simple, you have to understand the maths simple, you have to understand the maths simple, you have to understand the maths behind it. So in order to calculate our behind it. So in order to calculate our behind it. So in order to calculate our likelihood, what we're going to do is likelihood, what we're going to do is likelihood, what we're going to do is we're going to calculate the we're going to calculate the we're going to calculate the probability, right? So let's see how we probability, right? So let's see how we probability, right? So let's see how we can do that. So we have this P of X when can do that. So we have this P of X when can do that. So we have this P of X when Y is equal to 1. Okay, what this means Y is equal to 1. Okay, what this means Y is equal to 1. Okay, what this means is when we have this email, right? So, is when we have this email, right? So, is when we have this email, right? So, we already know that email belongs to we already know that email belongs to we already know that email belongs to spam. We already know that email belongs spam. We already know that email belongs spam. We already know that email belongs to non-spam. So, what is the probability to non-spam. So, what is the probability to non-spam. So, what is the probability of that email belonging to this of that email belonging to this of that email belonging to this particular group? This is nothing but particular group? This is nothing but particular group? This is nothing but probability that email belongs to class probability that email belongs to class probability that email belongs to class one. So, probability that email belongs to So, probability that email belongs to So, probability that email belongs to class zero. Fine. So, now how X would class zero. Fine. So, now how X would class zero. Fine. So, now how X would look like? So just to give you a brief look like? So just to give you a brief look like? So just to give you a brief before we move ahead. X over here would before we move ahead. X over here would before we move ahead. X over here would be nothing but a email. So it will have be nothing but a email. So it will have be nothing but a email. So it will have multiple words and somewhere over here multiple words and somewhere over here multiple words and somewhere over here in the middle it will be like get in the middle it will be like get in the middle it will be like get unlimited unlimited unlimited 50% 50% 50% of and so on and many other words. These of and so on and many other words. These of and so on and many other words. These are called the features and based on are called the features and based on are called the features and based on these features we calculate whether this these features we calculate whether this these features we calculate whether this email belongs to a spam class or email belongs to a spam class or email belongs to a spam class or non-spam class. So how this would work? non-spam class. So how this would work? non-spam class. So how this would work? How this probability over here works? How this probability over here works? How this probability over here works? It'll take each of these feature let's It'll take each of these feature let's It'll take each of these feature let's take something like ultimate. Okay. So take something like ultimate. Okay. So take something like ultimate. Okay. So it's going to be like probability of it's going to be like probability of it's going to be like probability of ultimate ultimate ultimate belonging to spam. This would give me belonging to spam. This would give me belonging to spam. This would give me some value say 0.9%. Because it's high some value say 0.9%. Because it's high some value say 0.9%. Because it's high probability right that an ultimate word probability right that an ultimate word probability right that an ultimate word comes in a spam email. And then we'll comes in a spam email. And then we'll comes in a spam email. And then we'll also calculate at the same time also calculate at the same time also calculate at the same time probability that ultimate probability that ultimate probability that ultimate belongs to non-spam. So this is going to belongs to non-spam. So this is going to belongs to non-spam. So this is going to be less probability. You obviously are be less probability. You obviously are be less probability. You obviously are not going to use uh ultimate in your not going to use uh ultimate in your not going to use uh ultimate in your day-to-day activities, right? Or day-to-day activities, right? Or day-to-day activities, right? Or day-to-day conversation. So this is how day-to-day conversation. So this is how day-to-day conversation. So this is how it's going to be. So let's now quickly it's going to be. So let's now quickly it's going to be. So let's now quickly see how we can calculate for this. So see how we can calculate for this. So see how we can calculate for this. So now we have X right. So if X this is a now we have X right. So if X this is a now we have X right. So if X this is a capital X is nothing but list of words capital X is nothing but list of words capital X is nothing but list of words okay and this is nothing but an email okay and this is nothing but an email okay and this is nothing but an email okay and then small X represents the okay and then small X represents the okay and then small X represents the words which are there. So here it can be words which are there. So here it can be words which are there. So here it can be X1 X2 X3 X4 and this would end up to XN. X1 X2 X3 X4 and this would end up to XN. X1 X2 X3 X4 and this would end up to XN. So these are nothing but features or So these are nothing but features or So these are nothing but features or words. Okay. And X is the entire email. words. Okay. And X is the entire email. words. Okay. And X is the entire email. Then what we're going to do find over Then what we're going to do find over Then what we're going to do find over here is probability here is probability here is probability that X nothing but the capital X that X nothing but the capital X that X nothing but the capital X belonging to Y is equal to0 is equal to belonging to Y is equal to0 is equal to belonging to Y is equal to0 is equal to probability of all of these individual probability of all of these individual probability of all of these individual words over here. So probability of all of these words So probability of all of these words So probability of all of these words belonging to a spam. And similarly we belonging to a spam. And similarly we belonging to a spam. And similarly we can do this for spam. So when we have an can do this for spam. So when we have an can do this for spam. So when we have an entire email what is the probability entire email what is the probability entire email what is the probability that all of the words or the content of that all of the words or the content of that all of the words or the content of that email belonging to spam. So here that email belonging to spam. So here that email belonging to spam. So here we'll have x1 x2 x3 x4 so on y= 1. So we'll have x1 x2 x3 x4 so on y= 1. So we'll have x1 x2 x3 x4 so on y= 1. So this is how it works. Let's see the this is how it works. Let's see the this is how it works. Let's see the expanded version of this. Fine. Let me expanded version of this. Fine. Let me expanded version of this. Fine. Let me copy this entire equation here. copy this entire equation here. copy this entire equation here. Okay. And let's paste it on a new sheet. Okay. And let's paste it on a new sheet. Okay. And let's paste it on a new sheet. And let's see how we can calculate each And let's see how we can calculate each And let's see how we can calculate each of these. Right? So what's going to of these. Right? So what's going to of these. Right? So what's going to happen now? Probability P of X that Y is happen now? Probability P of X that Y is happen now? Probability P of X that Y is equal to equal to equal to 1 is equal to I'm just expanding this 1 is equal to I'm just expanding this 1 is equal to I'm just expanding this part over here. Okay, let me just erase part over here. Okay, let me just erase part over here. Okay, let me just erase this to give you a better insight. All this to give you a better insight. All this to give you a better insight. All I'm trying to do is I'm trying to expand I'm trying to do is I'm trying to expand I'm trying to do is I'm trying to expand this part. P of X1, X2, X3, right? So this part. P of X1, X2, X3, right? So this part. P of X1, X2, X3, right? So this is nothing but probability. You see this is nothing but probability. You see this is nothing but probability. You see this comma here represents and okay, this comma here represents and okay, this comma here represents and okay, it's an and operator. So probability of it's an and operator. So probability of it's an and operator. So probability of x1 belonging to y=0 multiplied by x1 belonging to y=0 multiplied by x1 belonging to y=0 multiplied by probability of x2 when y=0 that x1 is probability of x2 when y=0 that x1 is probability of x2 when y=0 that x1 is also not spam. So this is how it works. also not spam. So this is how it works. also not spam. So this is how it works. This represents and and then we'll This represents and and then we'll This represents and and then we'll perform multiplication and then we'll do perform multiplication and then we'll do perform multiplication and then we'll do something like this again. So for P3 something like this again. So for P3 something like this again. So for P3 probability that X3 that is nothing but probability that X3 that is nothing but probability that X3 that is nothing but the word this X3 belongs to non-spam the word this X3 belongs to non-spam the word this X3 belongs to non-spam category when we already know that X1 category when we already know that X1 category when we already know that X1 and X2 also belong to non-spam category. and X2 also belong to non-spam category. and X2 also belong to non-spam category. What I'm trying to say over here is each What I'm trying to say over here is each What I'm trying to say over here is each of these words are dependent upon each of these words are dependent upon each of these words are dependent upon each other only if X2 is considered as not other only if X2 is considered as not other only if X2 is considered as not spam only if X1 is not spam. You know spam only if X1 is not spam. You know spam only if X1 is not spam. You know all of these words are dependent on each all of these words are dependent on each all of these words are dependent on each other and the probability of them is other and the probability of them is other and the probability of them is holds true only if the other one holds holds true only if the other one holds holds true only if the other one holds true. So what's the issue with this is true. So what's the issue with this is true. So what's the issue with this is by the time it reaches this X and right by the time it reaches this X and right by the time it reaches this X and right it becomes pretty huge value and it it becomes pretty huge value and it it becomes pretty huge value and it becomes computationally very expensive. becomes computationally very expensive. becomes computationally very expensive. In order to overcome this we use In order to overcome this we use In order to overcome this we use something called as nave bias assumption something called as nave bias assumption something called as nave bias assumption and what this nave bias assumption says and what this nave bias assumption says and what this nave bias assumption says that when we calculate this probability that when we calculate this probability that when we calculate this probability right here we have calculated right here we have calculated right here we have calculated probability of x1 when y is equal to probability of x1 when y is equal to probability of x1 when y is equal to zero and then we have also calculated zero and then we have also calculated zero and then we have also calculated the probability for the second word the probability for the second word the probability for the second word according to navbas's assumption this according to navbas's assumption this according to navbas's assumption this word is totally independent of the first word is totally independent of the first word is totally independent of the first word. So the first word can have higher word. So the first word can have higher word. So the first word can have higher probability of being a spam and second probability of being a spam and second probability of being a spam and second word can have higher probability of word can have higher probability of word can have higher probability of being not spam but they are totally being not spam but they are totally being not spam but they are totally independent of each other. So this is independent of each other. So this is independent of each other. So this is what is nave by assumption is. So let's what is nave by assumption is. So let's what is nave by assumption is. So let's now see how this equation would look now see how this equation would look now see how this equation would look like after nave assumption. So what like after nave assumption. So what like after nave assumption. So what we're going to do is I'll write one we're going to do is I'll write one we're going to do is I'll write one below the other so that we get a better below the other so that we get a better below the other so that we get a better understanding. So if y is equal to 1. If understanding. So if y is equal to 1. If understanding. So if y is equal to 1. If an email we consider that to be a spam an email we consider that to be a spam an email we consider that to be a spam email only if p of the first letter or email only if p of the first letter or email only if p of the first letter or the first word of that email is spam is the first word of that email is spam is the first word of that email is spam is equal to 1. This will give us some equal to 1. This will give us some equal to 1. This will give us some probability and then I'll multiply that probability and then I'll multiply that probability and then I'll multiply that with probability of the next word in with probability of the next word in with probability of the next word in that email being a spam. that email being a spam. that email being a spam. So and then this won't be dependent upon So and then this won't be dependent upon So and then this won't be dependent upon the second value here. And then I'll the second value here. And then I'll the second value here. And then I'll multiply this again by the third word P multiply this again by the third word P multiply this again by the third word P of X of three that is nothing but the of X of three that is nothing but the of X of three that is nothing but the third word is equal to spam because over third word is equal to spam because over third word is equal to spam because over here we're trying to find the here we're trying to find the here we're trying to find the probability that email belongs to spam probability that email belongs to spam probability that email belongs to spam category. And this would continue for category. And this would continue for category. And this would continue for the nth term P of Xn when Y is equal to the nth term P of Xn when Y is equal to the nth term P of Xn when Y is equal to 1. So you see here right that none of 1. So you see here right that none of 1. So you see here right that none of the probabilities are dependent on each the probabilities are dependent on each the probabilities are dependent on each other thus reducing the computation other thus reducing the computation other thus reducing the computation need. Okay. So in order to put this in a need. Okay. So in order to put this in a need. Okay. So in order to put this in a mathematical form what will happen over mathematical form what will happen over mathematical form what will happen over here is P of X that or we can say P of here is P of X that or we can say P of here is P of X that or we can say P of email belonging to a spam category is email belonging to a spam category is email belonging to a spam category is equal to the product. Okay, so this is equal to the product. Okay, so this is equal to the product. Okay, so this is multiplication, right? So for summation multiplication, right? So for summation multiplication, right? So for summation we use this and for product we use pi. we use this and for product we use pi. we use this and for product we use pi. Okay, so this is for product and where i Okay, so this is for product and where i Okay, so this is for product and where i will range from 1 to n and then we'll will range from 1 to n and then we'll will range from 1 to n and then we'll have probability of x of i when we know have probability of x of i when we know have probability of x of i when we know that particular character or word that particular character or word that particular character or word belongs to a spam category. And same way belongs to a spam category. And same way belongs to a spam category. And same way we'll have for non-spam y is equal to 0. we'll have for non-spam y is equal to 0. we'll have for non-spam y is equal to 0. This is nothing but pi where i ranges This is nothing but pi where i ranges This is nothing but pi where i ranges from 1 to n probability of x i when we from 1 to n probability of x i when we from 1 to n probability of x i when we know y is not a spam. This is an know y is not a spam. This is an know y is not a spam. This is an equation for our likelihood. So now as equation for our likelihood. So now as equation for our likelihood. So now as you can see right we have found the you can see right we have found the you can see right we have found the value for likelihood. We have found the value for likelihood. We have found the value for likelihood. We have found the value for posterior probability. We value for posterior probability. We value for posterior probability. We don't have to calculate marginal don't have to calculate marginal don't have to calculate marginal likelihood. So we can uh just skip that likelihood. So we can uh just skip that likelihood. So we can uh just skip that part. And now finally we are coming down part. And now finally we are coming down part. And now finally we are coming down to posterior probability. So let's now to posterior probability. So let's now to posterior probability. So let's now see how we can substitute our values and see how we can substitute our values and see how we can substitute our values and calculate our posterior probability. So calculate our posterior probability. So calculate our posterior probability. So posterior probability that's nothing but posterior probability that's nothing but posterior probability that's nothing but P of we feed an email right. So P of X I P of we feed an email right. So P of X I P of we feed an email right. So P of X I let's write a generalized version where let's write a generalized version where let's write a generalized version where Y is equal to C. C here refers to the Y is equal to C. C here refers to the Y is equal to C. C here refers to the class and class here is nothing but class and class here is nothing but class and class here is nothing but either spam or not spam. This is equal either spam or not spam. This is equal either spam or not spam. This is equal to on top we'll have the likelihood to on top we'll have the likelihood to on top we'll have the likelihood right. So let's write the likelihood right. So let's write the likelihood right. So let's write the likelihood first. So here we'll have something pi i first. So here we'll have something pi i first. So here we'll have something pi i = 1 to n probability of x i that is = 1 to n probability of x i that is = 1 to n probability of x i that is going through each and every word in an going through each and every word in an going through each and every word in an email y is equal to c c can be either 1 email y is equal to c c can be either 1 email y is equal to c c can be either 1 or zero we will multiply this by or zero we will multiply this by or zero we will multiply this by prior probability right which is nothing prior probability right which is nothing prior probability right which is nothing but 1x m i = 1 n here it's going to be y but 1x m i = 1 n here it's going to be y but 1x m i = 1 n here it's going to be y is equal to c and obviously we have to is equal to c and obviously we have to is equal to c and obviously we have to put the normalization below but we can put the normalization below but we can put the normalization below but we can skip it because it doesn't make any skip it because it doesn't make any skip it because it doesn't make any difference right so this This is the difference right so this This is the difference right so this This is the equation for our nave algorithm. This is equation for our nave algorithm. This is equation for our nave algorithm. This is the way how we can classify our text. the way how we can classify our text. the way how we can classify our text. Let us now go to my code editor and try Let us now go to my code editor and try Let us now go to my code editor and try to code the entire algorithm. This would to code the entire algorithm. This would to code the entire algorithm. This would help us in understanding how the help us in understanding how the help us in understanding how the underlining working of NLTK works. Okay. underlining working of NLTK works. Okay. underlining working of NLTK works. Okay. So as you can see I have come here to my So as you can see I have come here to my So as you can see I have come here to my Google collab. Let me quickly give a Google collab. Let me quickly give a Google collab. Let me quickly give a name as NLTK or let's give name as NLTK or let's give name as NLTK or let's give classification implementation. classification implementation. classification implementation. So let's get started. Now there are a So let's get started. Now there are a So let's get started. Now there are a couple of things that we have to import. couple of things that we have to import. couple of things that we have to import. So let it be import So let it be import So let it be import pandas pandas pandas as pd. Then let's import numpy as pd. Then let's import numpy as pd. Then let's import numpy as np. And then let's have a label as np. And then let's have a label as np. And then let's have a label encoder. So basically we use label encoder. So basically we use label encoder. So basically we use label encoder to convert our text into encoder to convert our text into encoder to convert our text into numerical form. And if you are asking numerical form. And if you are asking numerical form. And if you are asking why we we are going to convert it into why we we are going to convert it into why we we are going to convert it into numerical form that's because computer numerical form that's because computer numerical form that's because computer no matter how advanced it is it is no matter how advanced it is it is no matter how advanced it is it is unable to understand textual form. So it unable to understand textual form. So it unable to understand textual form. So it has to take the data in a numerical has to take the data in a numerical has to take the data in a numerical format. Okay. From sklearn format. Okay. From sklearn format. Okay. From sklearn prep-processing prep-processing prep-processing import label encoder and finally we need sklearn and finally we need sklearn and finally we need sklearn dot model selection dot model selection dot model selection import train split. All right. So let us import train split. All right. So let us import train split. All right. So let us now execute this. So in our next stage now execute this. So in our next stage now execute this. So in our next stage right we will have to get our data set. right we will have to get our data set. right we will have to get our data set. So getting data set. So here we'll be So getting data set. So here we'll be So getting data set. So here we'll be using mushroom data set. So what we're using mushroom data set. So what we're using mushroom data set. So what we're going to do is df. We know it's going to going to do is df. We know it's going to going to do is df. We know it's going to be in data frame. So pandas do read csv. be in data frame. So pandas do read csv. be in data frame. So pandas do read csv. And the place where I have my file over And the place where I have my file over And the place where I have my file over here is here. And I'll just quickly copy here is here. And I'll just quickly copy here is here. And I'll just quickly copy the path and paste it over here. So let the path and paste it over here. So let the path and paste it over here. So let me execute this code. Fine. And now me execute this code. Fine. And now me execute this code. Fine. And now let's see the shape of our data set. So let's see the shape of our data set. So let's see the shape of our data set. So it's going to be DF. it's going to be DF. it's going to be DF. So what this represents over here is So what this represents over here is So what this represents over here is that we have 8,142 that we have 8,142 that we have 8,142 rows and then we have 23 features. So rows and then we have 23 features. So rows and then we have 23 features. So let's now see each of these. So let me let's now see each of these. So let me let's now see each of these. So let me just print this df do.head. Let me just print this df do.head. Let me just print this df do.head. Let me slightly zoom it out and let me play slightly zoom it out and let me play slightly zoom it out and let me play this. So as you can see here we have all this. So as you can see here we have all this. So as you can see here we have all our data in a textual format and then our data in a textual format and then our data in a textual format and then we'll have the values which would range we'll have the values which would range we'll have the values which would range from 0 to 8,124. from 0 to 8,124. from 0 to 8,124. And then the features over here are And then the features over here are And then the features over here are nothing but you know cap shape cap color nothing but you know cap shape cap color nothing but you know cap shape cap color cap surface there's nothing but the cap surface there's nothing but the cap surface there's nothing but the surface of the mushroom and the class surface of the mushroom and the class surface of the mushroom and the class you can see here right so this part over you can see here right so this part over you can see here right so this part over here this class is nothing but y and all here this class is nothing but y and all here this class is nothing but y and all of these features over here are of these features over here are of these features over here are represented as x so now what we'll do is represented as x so now what we'll do is represented as x so now what we'll do is let's try to you know encode this let's let's try to you know encode this let's let's try to you know encode this let's try to convert these values into numbers try to convert these values into numbers try to convert these values into numbers so what we'll do is le e and we're going so what we'll do is le e and we're going so what we'll do is le e and we're going to use label encoder okay so we are to use label encoder okay so we are to use label encoder okay so we are creating the instance of this and then creating the instance of this and then creating the instance of this and then we'll have df DF encoded that's df we'll have df DF encoded that's df we'll have df DF encoded that's df stands for data frame this is nothing stands for data frame this is nothing stands for data frame this is nothing but df do apply okay apply is one of the but df do apply okay apply is one of the but df do apply okay apply is one of the method what this apply method does is method what this apply method does is method what this apply method does is it's like a for loop over here so it'll it's like a for loop over here so it'll it's like a for loop over here so it'll go to each and every row and each and go to each and every row and each and go to each and every row and each and every column and apply whatever function every column and apply whatever function every column and apply whatever function we pass and we're going to pass label we pass and we're going to pass label we pass and we're going to pass label encoder right so over here I'm going to encoder right so over here I'm going to encoder right so over here I'm going to pass here le do fit transform we'll we pass here le do fit transform we'll we pass here le do fit transform we'll we just have to give method name and no just have to give method name and no just have to give method name and no method call and then we'll give axis by method call and then we'll give axis by method call and then we'll give axis by default axis is zero we want zero default axis is zero we want zero default axis is zero we want zero because we want it to go for every row. because we want it to go for every row. because we want it to go for every row. So let's now execute this So let's now execute this So let's now execute this and let's see how our data would look and let's see how our data would look and let's see how our data would look like now. like now. like now. So as you can see here this is our data So as you can see here this is our data So as you can see here this is our data or let me just give it as head or let me just give it as head or let me just give it as head and let me zoom out so that we can and let me zoom out so that we can and let me zoom out so that we can compare this data with this. So these compare this data with this. So these compare this data with this. So these both are the same thing. Okay as you can both are the same thing. Okay as you can both are the same thing. Okay as you can see here class class and then we have see here class class and then we have see here class class and then we have cap shape and all of these are the same cap shape and all of these are the same cap shape and all of these are the same thing. Only thing after performing label thing. Only thing after performing label thing. Only thing after performing label encoding all of these values have been encoding all of these values have been encoding all of these values have been converted into numbers. So now what converted into numbers. So now what converted into numbers. So now what we'll do is we obviously need to convert we'll do is we obviously need to convert we'll do is we obviously need to convert this into a list of array right so let's this into a list of array right so let's this into a list of array right so let's finally do that. So let's df is equal to finally do that. So let's df is equal to finally do that. So let's df is equal to encoded df. So let's see what it is. encoded df. So let's see what it is. encoded df. So let's see what it is. Yeah df encoded dot values. Yeah df encoded dot values. Yeah df encoded dot values. And now we'll have to define our x. Our And now we'll have to define our x. Our And now we'll have to define our x. Our x is nothing but df. So as you can see x is nothing but df. So as you can see x is nothing but df. So as you can see right this is y. This class refers to y. right this is y. This class refers to y. right this is y. This class refers to y. And x is all of these features except And x is all of these features except And x is all of these features except the first column. We want all the other the first column. We want all the other the first column. We want all the other columns. Right. So what we'll do is from columns. Right. So what we'll do is from columns. Right. So what we'll do is from column one because this is column zero column one because this is column zero column one because this is column zero we want it to all the columns. So we want it to all the columns. So we want it to all the columns. So basically here we want all our rows that basically here we want all our rows that basically here we want all our rows that is 0 to 8,000 some change and then is 0 to 8,000 some change and then is 0 to 8,000 some change and then except first column the zerooth column except first column the zerooth column except first column the zerooth column we want all of them. Okay. So this is X we want all of them. Okay. So this is X we want all of them. Okay. So this is X and for Y it's going to be all the rows. and for Y it's going to be all the rows. and for Y it's going to be all the rows. I hope you understand why it's all the I hope you understand why it's all the I hope you understand why it's all the rows right? So 0 1 2 3 and we need it rows right? So 0 1 2 3 and we need it rows right? So 0 1 2 3 and we need it for all the values. So it's all the rows for all the values. So it's all the rows for all the values. So it's all the rows and only the zeroth column because and only the zeroth column because and only the zeroth column because zeroth column gives us the class right? zeroth column gives us the class right? zeroth column gives us the class right? So let's quickly execute this and just So let's quickly execute this and just So let's quickly execute this and just for your satisfaction let's see how it for your satisfaction let's see how it for your satisfaction let's see how it would look like. So here I would press would look like. So here I would press would look like. So here I would press X. So you'll see here that yeah it's X. So you'll see here that yeah it's X. So you'll see here that yeah it's going to be capital X right uppercase. going to be capital X right uppercase. going to be capital X right uppercase. So everything has been converted in an So everything has been converted in an So everything has been converted in an array and except the first part except array and except the first part except array and except the first part except this part will have all other values and this part will have all other values and this part will have all other values and similarly let's see it for Y. similarly let's see it for Y. similarly let's see it for Y. So as you can see here we have just So as you can see here we have just So as you can see here we have just single column. So now what we'll do is single column. So now what we'll do is single column. So now what we'll do is we'll split our data. So this is going to be we are going to So this is going to be we are going to So this is going to be we are going to use train test split. use train test split. use train test split. So here we're going to have the value of So here we're going to have the value of So here we're going to have the value of x and then y and then we have to give by x and then y and then we have to give by x and then y and then we have to give by what percent we want our value to be what percent we want our value to be what percent we want our value to be splitted. Right? So for that we'll give splitted. Right? So for that we'll give splitted. Right? So for that we'll give something like this. Okay. Yeah. So as something like this. Okay. Yeah. So as something like this. Okay. Yeah. So as you can see here we need our test size. you can see here we need our test size. you can see here we need our test size. Right. So we need a test size and a Right. So we need a test size and a Right. So we need a test size and a random state. So let me just copy this random state. So let me just copy this random state. So let me just copy this from here. from here. from here. Now what this test size resembles is by Now what this test size resembles is by Now what this test size resembles is by what percent we want our data to be what percent we want our data to be what percent we want our data to be splitted. So let's give it as 20%. And splitted. So let's give it as 20%. And splitted. So let's give it as 20%. And let me now execute this. So now that we have all the data and So now that we have all the data and So now that we have all the data and every requirement. So let us now every requirement. So let us now every requirement. So let us now directly jump into having our knife by directly jump into having our knife by directly jump into having our knife by classifier. So let me give you a quick classifier. So let me give you a quick classifier. So let me give you a quick recap here. In order to get a knife bass recap here. In order to get a knife bass recap here. In order to get a knife bass classify, we need to find posterior classify, we need to find posterior classify, we need to find posterior probability. probability. probability. In order to find the posterior In order to find the posterior In order to find the posterior probability, probability, probability, we need to find something called as we need to find something called as we need to find something called as likelihood and prior probability. And then we're going to have prior And then we're going to have prior And then we're going to have prior probability. probability. probability. Let's now calculate each of this. And Let's now calculate each of this. And Let's now calculate each of this. And we'll start this by calculating prior we'll start this by calculating prior we'll start this by calculating prior probability. Okay? Because prior probability. Okay? Because prior probability. Okay? Because prior probability is pretty simple to probability is pretty simple to probability is pretty simple to calculate. Fine. So let's now start off calculate. Fine. So let's now start off calculate. Fine. So let's now start off with prior probability. So we'll create a function here def So we'll create a function here def So we'll create a function here def prior probability. prior probability. prior probability. So this is nothing but you're going to So this is nothing but you're going to So this is nothing but you're going to pass white train pass white train pass white train and then we're going to pass labels. and then we're going to pass labels. and then we're going to pass labels. Okay, labels over here refers to x and Okay, labels over here refers to x and Okay, labels over here refers to x and zero values. Instead of giving white zero values. Instead of giving white zero values. Instead of giving white train, let's generalize it to give y. train, let's generalize it to give y. train, let's generalize it to give y. And now what we're going to do is we And now what we're going to do is we And now what we're going to do is we need to find the size of y, right? So need to find the size of y, right? So need to find the size of y, right? So because prior probability is nothing but because prior probability is nothing but because prior probability is nothing but sum of either x or zero all divided by sum of either x or zero all divided by sum of either x or zero all divided by the total number of classes. Okay. So the total number of classes. Okay. So the total number of classes. Okay. So what I'm trying to say here is if you what I'm trying to say here is if you what I'm trying to say here is if you have 100 emails out of which 40 are spam have 100 emails out of which 40 are spam have 100 emails out of which 40 are spam and 60 are not spam then probability of and 60 are not spam then probability of and 60 are not spam then probability of email being spam is 40 by 100 and the email being spam is 40 by 100 and the email being spam is 40 by 100 and the other one is going to be 60 by 100. other one is going to be 60 by 100. other one is going to be 60 by 100. Okay. So for that we need to find the Okay. So for that we need to find the Okay. So for that we need to find the total size right. So it's going to be y total size right. So it's going to be y total size right. So it's going to be y do.shape and then this will give us an do.shape and then this will give us an do.shape and then this will give us an array right. So we need the first value. array right. So we need the first value. array right. So we need the first value. Apart from that we need a sum right. So Apart from that we need a sum right. So Apart from that we need a sum right. So s is equal to np dot sum y train or let s is equal to np dot sum y train or let s is equal to np dot sum y train or let it be y values is equal to label. it be y values is equal to label. it be y values is equal to label. I hope you understand why we are doing I hope you understand why we are doing I hope you understand why we are doing this. You see y value has only class this. You see y value has only class this. You see y value has only class values right? Only if the class value values right? Only if the class value values right? Only if the class value and label value are same you're going to and label value are same you're going to and label value are same you're going to get one. So this is how we are going to get one. So this is how we are going to get one. So this is how we are going to do here. And this is going to return as do here. And this is going to return as do here. And this is going to return as prior probability. So written m by s. prior probability. So written m by s. prior probability. So written m by s. Fine. So now let's find our likelihood. Fine. So now let's find our likelihood. Fine. So now let's find our likelihood. That's our next task. And in order to That's our next task. And in order to That's our next task. And in order to find our likelihood we need to have find our likelihood we need to have find our likelihood we need to have conditional probability. Okay. So def conditional probability. Okay. So def conditional probability. Okay. So def conditional probability. conditional probability. conditional probability. This is going to take a parameters like This is going to take a parameters like This is going to take a parameters like X and then Y. So we give here as X train and not X. So we give here as X train and not X. So we give here as X train and not X. And then we'll have Y train. And then we'll have Y train. And then we'll have Y train. And then we obviously need to find And then we obviously need to find And then we obviously need to find feature column. And then we need to have feature label And then we need to have feature label And then we need to have feature label and then finally label. Okay. So what and then finally label. Okay. So what and then finally label. Okay. So what this feature column says is it this feature column says is it this feature column says is it represents which column we want that represents which column we want that represents which column we want that particular feature. So as we all know particular feature. So as we all know particular feature. So as we all know that this is nothing but a tabular data. that this is nothing but a tabular data. that this is nothing but a tabular data. Right? So let me just quickly show you Right? So let me just quickly show you Right? So let me just quickly show you how it would look like. Okay. So over how it would look like. Okay. So over how it would look like. Okay. So over here we have a table and this table will here we have a table and this table will here we have a table and this table will have multiple rows and columns. Right? have multiple rows and columns. Right? have multiple rows and columns. Right? So what this feature column represents So what this feature column represents So what this feature column represents is within this feature column within is within this feature column within is within this feature column within this column which value represents the this column which value represents the this column which value represents the values present in the feature columns. values present in the feature columns. values present in the feature columns. Okay. So let me just quickly now erase Okay. So let me just quickly now erase Okay. So let me just quickly now erase this and move ahead. So what this will this and move ahead. So what this will this and move ahead. So what this will do is we're going to just filter out the do is we're going to just filter out the do is we're going to just filter out the value right. So x filter value right. So x filter value right. So x filter this is equal to x train this is equal to x train this is equal to x train where y train where y train where y train is equal equal to label. is equal equal to label. is equal equal to label. So over here we'll just get the email So over here we'll just get the email So over here we'll just get the email values which is either spam or not spam. values which is either spam or not spam. values which is either spam or not spam. That's why I'm giving here as xfiltered That's why I'm giving here as xfiltered That's why I'm giving here as xfiltered and number is equal to np dot sum and number is equal to np dot sum and number is equal to np dot sum it's going to be x filtered it's going to be x filtered it's going to be x filtered where we have all the rows and the where we have all the rows and the where we have all the rows and the columns is going to be feature column columns is going to be feature column columns is going to be feature column which is going to be equal to feature which is going to be equal to feature which is going to be equal to feature values. values. values. And now for denominator And now for denominator And now for denominator so it's going to be x filtered so it's going to be x filtered so it's going to be x filtered dot shape which is nothing but total dot shape which is nothing but total dot shape which is nothing but total number of values right zero and this number of values right zero and this number of values right zero and this will return as numerator by denominator will return as numerator by denominator will return as numerator by denominator and let's give it as float over here and and let's give it as float over here and and let's give it as float over here and it's going to be numerator divided by it's going to be numerator divided by it's going to be numerator divided by denominator okay this is nothing but the denominator okay this is nothing but the denominator okay this is nothing but the conditional probability okay I hope you conditional probability okay I hope you conditional probability okay I hope you remember what is conditional probability remember what is conditional probability remember what is conditional probability when we were discussing the derivation when we were discussing the derivation when we were discussing the derivation so now what we're going to do is we so now what we're going to do is we so now what we're going to do is we obviously have to predict our class obviously have to predict our class obviously have to predict our class right so let's do that let's write this right so let's do that let's write this right so let's do that let's write this function here predict def predict this function here predict def predict this function here predict def predict this predict takes two values x train predict takes two values x train predict takes two values x train y train y train y train apart from that we also need to perform apart from that we also need to perform apart from that we also need to perform predictions right so that's why we also predictions right so that's why we also predictions right so that's why we also need x test need x test need x test so now what we're going to do is so now what we're going to do is so now what we're going to do is we'll have classes classes refers to be we'll have classes classes refers to be we'll have classes classes refers to be spam or not spam over here it's going to spam or not spam over here it's going to spam or not spam over here it's going to be poisonous or not poisonous because be poisonous or not poisonous because be poisonous or not poisonous because here we are taking mushroom data set here we are taking mushroom data set here we are taking mushroom data set right so classes is equal to npun unique right so classes is equal to npun unique right so classes is equal to npun unique Y right so it's going to be Y train okay Y right so it's going to be Y train okay Y right so it's going to be Y train okay what this predict will return is Y test what this predict will return is Y test what this predict will return is Y test values whatever value I feed to this I'm values whatever value I feed to this I'm values whatever value I feed to this I'm going to get the answer for that okay so going to get the answer for that okay so going to get the answer for that okay so now we also need features so n features now we also need features so n features now we also need features so n features this is going to be equal to x train dot this is going to be equal to x train dot this is going to be equal to x train dot shape all right so let's now calculate our all right so let's now calculate our all right so let's now calculate our posterior probability so posterior posterior probability so posterior posterior probability so posterior probability Let's leave it empty as of now. Okay. So Let's leave it empty as of now. Okay. So Let's leave it empty as of now. Okay. So for every value of a posterior for every value of a posterior for every value of a posterior probability we'll get some percentage. probability we'll get some percentage. probability we'll get some percentage. So this percentage represents you know So this percentage represents you know So this percentage represents you know probability of that particular word probability of that particular word probability of that particular word being a part of spam or not spam. So being a part of spam or not spam. So being a part of spam or not spam. So over here we're going to have four label over here we're going to have four label over here we're going to have four label in classes. This means that we're going in classes. This means that we're going in classes. This means that we're going to go class by class. So either spam or to go class by class. So either spam or to go class by class. So either spam or non-spam or over here it's going to be non-spam or over here it's going to be non-spam or over here it's going to be either it's going to be poisonous or either it's going to be poisonous or either it's going to be poisonous or non-spoisonous. So the values of classes non-spoisonous. So the values of classes non-spoisonous. So the values of classes can be either 0 or 1. Fine. And then we can be either 0 or 1. Fine. And then we can be either 0 or 1. Fine. And then we are going to give likelihood are going to give likelihood are going to give likelihood we'll give it as 1.0. And then for we'll give it as 1.0. And then for we'll give it as 1.0. And then for features features features in range n features. Okay. N features in range n features. Okay. N features in range n features. Okay. N features represents the column over here. Right? represents the column over here. Right? represents the column over here. Right? So these are the n features except the So these are the n features except the So these are the n features except the classes whatever is there they are classes whatever is there they are classes whatever is there they are nothing but n features. Right? So yeah. nothing but n features. Right? So yeah. nothing but n features. Right? So yeah. So go through each and every feature or So go through each and every feature or So go through each and every feature or in short I can say go through each and in short I can say go through each and in short I can say go through each and every column and then find the every column and then find the every column and then find the conditional probability. C N D is equal conditional probability. C N D is equal conditional probability. C N D is equal to conditional probability. to conditional probability. to conditional probability. Here we're going to call this function. Here we're going to call this function. Here we're going to call this function. So now we have to pass our X train So now we have to pass our X train So now we have to pass our X train values values values and then we have Y train then the and then we have Y train then the and then we have Y train then the features FEMA and within the features features FEMA and within the features features FEMA and within the features which feature you want. Okay. which feature you want. Okay. which feature you want. Okay. And then we'll have label. Okay, this label over here represents Okay, this label over here represents Okay, this label over here represents whether the class is either X or zero. whether the class is either X or zero. whether the class is either X or zero. So now what we're going to do is we're So now what we're going to do is we're So now what we're going to do is we're going to calculate our likelihood. So going to calculate our likelihood. So going to calculate our likelihood. So likelihood likelihood likelihood is equal to likelihood plus conditional is equal to likelihood plus conditional is equal to likelihood plus conditional probability times conditional probability. So this times conditional probability. So this times conditional probability. So this likelihood over here, we're just likelihood over here, we're just likelihood over here, we're just randomly initializing it over here. And randomly initializing it over here. And randomly initializing it over here. And for every iteration of this for loop for every iteration of this for loop for every iteration of this for loop likelihood increases. So now all we need likelihood increases. So now all we need likelihood increases. So now all we need to do is we need to append prior to do is we need to append prior to do is we need to append prior probabilities over here. So we'll give probabilities over here. So we'll give probabilities over here. So we'll give here as prior is equal to prior here as prior is equal to prior here as prior is equal to prior probability. probability. probability. Okay. This is nothing but this function Okay. This is nothing but this function Okay. This is nothing but this function over here which we have defined where over here which we have defined where over here which we have defined where we're going to give white train and then we're going to give white train and then we're going to give white train and then label and then for posterior probability label and then for posterior probability label and then for posterior probability this is nothing but likelihood this is nothing but likelihood this is nothing but likelihood times prayer. Okay. I hope you remember times prayer. Okay. I hope you remember times prayer. Okay. I hope you remember the mathematical equation for this the mathematical equation for this the mathematical equation for this particular part. So we are trying to particular part. So we are trying to particular part. So we are trying to find prior and posterior probability for find prior and posterior probability for find prior and posterior probability for each of this. And now what we're going each of this. And now what we're going each of this. And now what we're going to do is we'll just append these values to do is we'll just append these values to do is we'll just append these values over here. So we'll have posterior prop over here. So we'll have posterior prop over here. So we'll have posterior prop dot append. dot append. dot append. And the value that I want to append is And the value that I want to append is And the value that I want to append is post. And now what we'll do is we need post. And now what we'll do is we need post. And now what we'll do is we need to find the probability which has the to find the probability which has the to find the probability which has the max one. Right? So for that we going to max one. Right? So for that we going to max one. Right? So for that we going to use use use arm max over here. So predicted value is arm max over here. So predicted value is arm max over here. So predicted value is equal to npmax. equal to npmax. equal to npmax. Argax gives us in which place we have Argax gives us in which place we have Argax gives us in which place we have the highest value. Right? So that's what the highest value. Right? So that's what the highest value. Right? So that's what armax does. And so we'll give you a armax does. And so we'll give you a armax does. And so we'll give you a posterior probability that is nothing posterior probability that is nothing posterior probability that is nothing but this part. And this would return as but this part. And this would return as but this part. And this would return as the class. Right? So return predicted. the class. Right? So return predicted. the class. Right? So return predicted. Okay. So this is done. All right. So let Okay. So this is done. All right. So let Okay. So this is done. All right. So let us now do one thing. Let us now find by us now do one thing. Let us now find by us now do one thing. Let us now find by what accuracy we are finding this value. what accuracy we are finding this value. what accuracy we are finding this value. So let's also calculate the accuracy So let's also calculate the accuracy So let's also calculate the accuracy that we'll have a correct values right. that we'll have a correct values right. that we'll have a correct values right. So to do that def accuracy So to do that def accuracy So to do that def accuracy x train x train x train x test then we also need to give y train x test then we also need to give y train x test then we also need to give y train and y test right so y train and it's and y test right so y train and it's and y test right so y train and it's going to be y test going to be y test going to be y test and within this function what we're and within this function what we're and within this function what we're going to do is predicted is going to be going to do is predicted is going to be going to do is predicted is going to be an empty list so for i in range so it's an empty list so for i in range so it's an empty list so for i in range so it's going to be throw all the values of x going to be throw all the values of x going to be throw all the values of x right so x test dot shape. So now here it's going to be P is equal So now here it's going to be P is equal So now here it's going to be P is equal to or predicted value. So now we'll call to or predicted value. So now we'll call to or predicted value. So now we'll call this function here predict this function here predict this function here predict X train Y train X train Y train X train Y train and then we have X test and then we have X test and then we have X test and as we are doing this for all the and as we are doing this for all the and as we are doing this for all the values we'll just pass here I every time values we'll just pass here I every time values we'll just pass here I every time I perform this predicate it gives me I perform this predicate it gives me I perform this predicate it gives me whether one example belongs to a whether one example belongs to a whether one example belongs to a mushroom class which is poisonous or mushroom class which is poisonous or mushroom class which is poisonous or not. So only reason why I'm doing this not. So only reason why I'm doing this not. So only reason why I'm doing this accuracy or I can say only reason I'm accuracy or I can say only reason I'm accuracy or I can say only reason I'm having this for loop here is to find all having this for loop here is to find all having this for loop here is to find all the values and put them over here. This the values and put them over here. This the values and put them over here. This predict list over here contains the predict list over here contains the predict list over here contains the predicted value of each of the test predicted value of each of the test predicted value of each of the test values. Okay. So now what I'm going to values. Okay. So now what I'm going to values. Okay. So now what I'm going to do is whatever value I get over here. So do is whatever value I get over here. So do is whatever value I get over here. So pred.tappend pred.tappend pred.tappend p. Let's do one thing. Let's give this p. Let's do one thing. Let's give this p. Let's do one thing. Let's give this name as y prred and we'll convert this name as y prred and we'll convert this name as y prred and we'll convert this predicted over here to numpy array. So predicted over here to numpy array. So predicted over here to numpy array. So np array and we'll give here a spread. np array and we'll give here a spread. np array and we'll give here a spread. And now in order to calculate our And now in order to calculate our And now in order to calculate our percentage or in order to calculate the percentage or in order to calculate the percentage or in order to calculate the accuracy all we need to do is accuracy accuracy all we need to do is accuracy accuracy all we need to do is accuracy is equal to np dot sum and we'll just is equal to np dot sum and we'll just is equal to np dot sum and we'll just compare this predicted value okay compare this predicted value okay compare this predicted value okay whatever values because we get only ones whatever values because we get only ones whatever values because we get only ones and zeros with the value that we already and zeros with the value that we already and zeros with the value that we already know. Okay this is just the way to have know. Okay this is just the way to have know. Okay this is just the way to have you know testing your data how accurate you know testing your data how accurate you know testing your data how accurate it is. So we'll have y bread spread has it is. So we'll have y bread spread has it is. So we'll have y bread spread has to be equal to y test and every time to be equal to y test and every time to be equal to y test and every time these two values are same right it will these two values are same right it will these two values are same right it will add up one and in order to get a value add up one and in order to get a value add up one and in order to get a value in percentage we'll have y bread divided in percentage we'll have y bread divided in percentage we'll have y bread divided by the size right so y bread by shape by the size right so y bread by shape by the size right so y bread by shape and we'll give index is zero and this and we'll give index is zero and this and we'll give index is zero and this will return the accuracy will return the accuracy will return the accuracy fine so let's call our accuracy here and fine so let's call our accuracy here and fine so let's call our accuracy here and let's give all these values let's give all these values let's give all these values so before I run this code right let me so before I run this code right let me so before I run this code right let me just give you a quick recap Our main just give you a quick recap Our main just give you a quick recap Our main agenda over here was to classify whether agenda over here was to classify whether agenda over here was to classify whether these mushrooms over here belongs to these mushrooms over here belongs to these mushrooms over here belongs to class of poison or not. So that's what class of poison or not. So that's what class of poison or not. So that's what we are doing here. We have to do that we are doing here. We have to do that we are doing here. We have to do that obviously using posterior probability. obviously using posterior probability. obviously using posterior probability. In order to find posterior probability, In order to find posterior probability, In order to find posterior probability, we need two things. One is nothing but we need two things. One is nothing but we need two things. One is nothing but likelihood and another one is prior likelihood and another one is prior likelihood and another one is prior probability. Finding prior probability probability. Finding prior probability probability. Finding prior probability is pretty simple because we just need to is pretty simple because we just need to is pretty simple because we just need to find the total number of values by total find the total number of values by total find the total number of values by total number of other values. Right? That's number of other values. Right? That's number of other values. Right? That's what prior probability does. And for what prior probability does. And for what prior probability does. And for likelihood it's pretty simple. Okay? We likelihood it's pretty simple. Okay? We likelihood it's pretty simple. Okay? We have to find the conditional probability have to find the conditional probability have to find the conditional probability and then this should return us the and then this should return us the and then this should return us the predicted values and let me now quickly predicted values and let me now quickly predicted values and let me now quickly run this and let's see what is the run this and let's see what is the run this and let's see what is the accuracy of our model. Okay, so it's saying X test is not Okay, so it's saying X test is not Okay, so it's saying X test is not defined and the reason why we are defined and the reason why we are defined and the reason why we are getting that is because we have given a getting that is because we have given a getting that is because we have given a smaller case value smaller case value smaller case value over here. So let me quickly rerun this over here. So let me quickly rerun this over here. So let me quickly rerun this now. Oh yeah, we have to give X as now. Oh yeah, we have to give X as now. Oh yeah, we have to give X as uppercase. Okay. So in order to overcome uppercase. Okay. So in order to overcome uppercase. Okay. So in order to overcome this, what we'll do is we'll quickly run this, what we'll do is we'll quickly run this, what we'll do is we'll quickly run this from the start here. Okay. So let's wait for our data to get Okay. So let's wait for our data to get Okay. So let's wait for our data to get processed over here. Sometimes what processed over here. Sometimes what processed over here. Sometimes what happens is when you're when you're happens is when you're when you're happens is when you're when you're trying to execute multiple lines over trying to execute multiple lines over trying to execute multiple lines over here, right? You know, one block might here, right? You know, one block might here, right? You know, one block might get executed before and then other get executed before and then other get executed before and then other later. So let's see if this works. This later. So let's see if this works. This later. So let's see if this works. This time I have restarted the runtime in time I have restarted the runtime in time I have restarted the runtime in order to run it from the beginning. So order to run it from the beginning. So order to run it from the beginning. So let's I hope it should work now. So now let's I hope it should work now. So now let's I hope it should work now. So now we don't have any errors. So let us now we don't have any errors. So let us now we don't have any errors. So let us now quickly see what is the accuracy that we quickly see what is the accuracy that we quickly see what is the accuracy that we got. So let's now print this. Okay. So got. So let's now print this. Okay. So got. So let's now print this. Okay. So we have got 0.99 right. So let me we have got 0.99 right. So let me we have got 0.99 right. So let me quickly give this over here accuracy quickly give this over here accuracy quickly give this over here accuracy time 100. So now when we perform this time 100. So now when we perform this time 100. So now when we perform this classification task here we are getting classification task here we are getting classification task here we are getting 99.63 99.63 99.63 accuracy. So this is how we can perform accuracy. So this is how we can perform accuracy. So this is how we can perform classification task using knifebased classification task using knifebased classification task using knifebased algorithm. All right. Now, so now that algorithm. All right. Now, so now that algorithm. All right. Now, so now that we know how NLP works, now that we know we know how NLP works, now that we know we know how NLP works, now that we know what is knife based classification and what is knife based classification and what is knife based classification and how KNbased classification works and we how KNbased classification works and we how KNbased classification works and we also know how to pre-process our data, also know how to pre-process our data, also know how to pre-process our data, let's do one thing. Let's take certain let's do one thing. Let's take certain let's do one thing. Let's take certain amount of sentences. Let it be a small amount of sentences. Let it be a small amount of sentences. Let it be a small sentence and let's see if we can perform sentence and let's see if we can perform sentence and let's see if we can perform any kind of sentiment analysis on them. any kind of sentiment analysis on them. any kind of sentiment analysis on them. And over here, we'll be using a library And over here, we'll be using a library And over here, we'll be using a library called as skarn. With skarn, we don't called as skarn. With skarn, we don't called as skarn. With skarn, we don't have to write all the number of lines have to write all the number of lines have to write all the number of lines that we wrote now. So, let me now that we wrote now. So, let me now that we wrote now. So, let me now quickly move to my code editor and show quickly move to my code editor and show quickly move to my code editor and show you how I can implement that. you how I can implement that. you how I can implement that. Okay. So now let's change the name here. Okay. So now let's change the name here. Okay. So now let's change the name here. Let's give it as sentiment analysis. Let's give it as sentiment analysis. Let's give it as sentiment analysis. Okay. So what we'll do is we'll have a Okay. So what we'll do is we'll have a Okay. So what we'll do is we'll have a text over here and we won't have a huge text over here and we won't have a huge text over here and we won't have a huge amount of data because if you have huge amount of data because if you have huge amount of data because if you have huge amount of data then it would be pretty amount of data then it would be pretty amount of data then it would be pretty hard to understand. So let me get this hard to understand. So let me get this hard to understand. So let me get this textual data for you. Okay. So over here in my notepad I have Okay. So over here in my notepad I have Okay. So over here in my notepad I have some small amount of data and over here some small amount of data and over here some small amount of data and over here as you can see so we have X test sorry as you can see so we have X test sorry as you can see so we have X test sorry this is going to be X train and then we this is going to be X train and then we this is going to be X train and then we have Y train. So let's now analyze our have Y train. So let's now analyze our have Y train. So let's now analyze our data over here. So if you can see right data over here. So if you can see right data over here. So if you can see right what is happening here is we have a data what is happening here is we have a data what is happening here is we have a data set and we're supposed to train our set and we're supposed to train our set and we're supposed to train our model based on this and we also have model based on this and we also have model based on this and we also have classes over here. This class over here classes over here. This class over here classes over here. This class over here represents that whether this first represents that whether this first represents that whether this first sentence is a positive or negative sentence is a positive or negative sentence is a positive or negative sentence. So if it's a positive it is sentence. So if it's a positive it is sentence. So if it's a positive it is one and if it's a negative class it's one and if it's a negative class it's one and if it's a negative class it's going to be zero. So on and so forth we going to be zero. So on and so forth we going to be zero. So on and so forth we have it for all the movie rating have it for all the movie rating have it for all the movie rating predictions here. Okay. And now once we predictions here. Okay. And now once we predictions here. Okay. And now once we are done training our model let's we'll are done training our model let's we'll are done training our model let's we'll test it by passing this values. Okay. So test it by passing this values. Okay. So test it by passing this values. Okay. So over here we have three sentence. I was over here we have three sentence. I was over here we have three sentence. I was happy and happy and I love acting in the happy and happy and I love acting in the happy and happy and I love acting in the movie and then the movie I saw was bad. movie and then the movie I saw was bad. movie and then the movie I saw was bad. And we can add some more examples. So And we can add some more examples. So And we can add some more examples. So what we'll do now is let me copy this what we'll do now is let me copy this what we'll do now is let me copy this part over here text and let me paste it part over here text and let me paste it part over here text and let me paste it for our data set. Okay. And let me for our data set. Okay. And let me for our data set. Okay. And let me quickly execute this. So let's now see the shape of our X. So let's now see the shape of our X. So let's now see the shape of our X. Let's try making this an uppercase. And Let's try making this an uppercase. And Let's try making this an uppercase. And the reason why I'm using uppercase here the reason why I'm using uppercase here the reason why I'm using uppercase here specifically and lower case and Y this specifically and lower case and Y this specifically and lower case and Y this is because this is a standard in the is because this is a standard in the is because this is a standard in the data science community. All right. So data science community. All right. So data science community. All right. So let's see the shape of our training data let's see the shape of our training data let's see the shape of our training data set. All right. And then we'll have X set. All right. And then we'll have X set. All right. And then we'll have X train. Okay. So as you can see we have a train. Okay. So as you can see we have a train. Okay. So as you can see we have a data set here and let's have shape. data set here and let's have shape. data set here and let's have shape. Yeah. Yeah, we won't get the shape here Yeah. Yeah, we won't get the shape here Yeah. Yeah, we won't get the shape here because this is not a numpy array, because this is not a numpy array, because this is not a numpy array, right? So this is extra fine. So now right? So this is extra fine. So now right? So this is extra fine. So now what we'll do is we have to clean our what we'll do is we have to clean our what we'll do is we have to clean our data, right? So let's do the data data, right? So let's do the data data, right? So let's do the data cleaning part wherein we'll be doing all cleaning part wherein we'll be doing all cleaning part wherein we'll be doing all kind of stuff like tokenization, kind of stuff like tokenization, kind of stuff like tokenization, stemming and stop removal. Okay, so stemming and stop removal. Okay, so stemming and stop removal. Okay, so let's give a heading here as data let's give a heading here as data let's give a heading here as data cleaning. cleaning. cleaning. And now rather than writing this as an And now rather than writing this as an And now rather than writing this as an individual function, what I'll do is individual function, what I'll do is individual function, what I'll do is I'll write it as the entire method. I'll write it as the entire method. I'll write it as the entire method. Okay, so let's import our values first. Okay, so let's import our values first. Okay, so let's import our values first. from NLTK dot tokenized from NLTK dot tokenized from NLTK dot tokenized import import import regular expression tokenizer and then we regular expression tokenizer and then we regular expression tokenizer and then we have from NLTK dot stem port let's have from NLTK dot stem port let's have from NLTK dot stem port let's import portmer and then finally we have to have a stop and then finally we have to have a stop and then finally we have to have a stop word remove right so from nltkus word remove right so from nltkus word remove right so from nltkus import stopwards import stopwards import stopwards so let me now download our stop words so so let me now download our stop words so so let me now download our stop words so import NLTK and then we are going to import NLTK and then we are going to import NLTK and then we are going to have NLTK.d download have NLTK.d download have NLTK.d download stopwards. stopwards. stopwards. All right. So now uh let's now create an All right. So now uh let's now create an All right. So now uh let's now create an object of our tokenizer portmer and stop object of our tokenizer portmer and stop object of our tokenizer portmer and stop words. This is going to be regular words. This is going to be regular words. This is going to be regular expression tokenizer. expression tokenizer. expression tokenizer. And then I'm going to pass what pattern And then I'm going to pass what pattern And then I'm going to pass what pattern I want. Right? So I want only the words I want. Right? So I want only the words I want. Right? So I want only the words and then I also want to concatenate and then I also want to concatenate and then I also want to concatenate those words. those words. those words. And then we have stop words. So which And then we have stop words. So which And then we have stop words. So which language I'm using? I'm obviously using language I'm using? I'm obviously using language I'm using? I'm obviously using English. So stop words. This is going to English. So stop words. This is going to English. So stop words. This is going to be be be SCT stopwords dot words. It's going to SCT stopwords dot words. It's going to SCT stopwords dot words. It's going to be English. be English. be English. And now we have port stema. That's ps is And now we have port stema. That's ps is And now we have port stema. That's ps is equal to port stema. All I've done over equal to port stema. All I've done over equal to port stema. All I've done over here is just creating the object of our here is just creating the object of our here is just creating the object of our classes over here. So let me quickly classes over here. So let me quickly classes over here. So let me quickly execute this. Fine. And now we'll create execute this. Fine. And now we'll create execute this. Fine. And now we'll create a function or a method def a function or a method def a function or a method def clean data. clean data. clean data. And then we're going to pass here as And then we're going to pass here as And then we're going to pass here as text. text. text. Fine. And what we'll do is we'll convert Fine. And what we'll do is we'll convert Fine. And what we'll do is we'll convert our text into lower case. our text into lower case. our text into lower case. And now we'll perform tokenization. And now we'll perform tokenization. And now we'll perform tokenization. So this is nothing but tokens. This will So this is nothing but tokens. This will So this is nothing but tokens. This will be is equal to tokenizer. be is equal to tokenizer. be is equal to tokenizer. We are getting this tokenizer from here. We are getting this tokenizer from here. We are getting this tokenizer from here. Dot tokenize. Dot tokenize. Dot tokenize. So we want the text to be tokenize So we want the text to be tokenize So we want the text to be tokenize and then new tokens and then new tokens and then new tokens equal to token for token in tokens equal to token for token in tokens equal to token for token in tokens because we're getting a list over here because we're getting a list over here because we're getting a list over here right for tokens in tokens if token right for tokens in tokens if token right for tokens in tokens if token not in stopwards what I'm trying to do not in stopwards what I'm trying to do not in stopwards what I'm trying to do here is I'm just combining stopward here is I'm just combining stopward here is I'm just combining stopward remover and tokenizer right so that's remover and tokenizer right so that's remover and tokenizer right so that's why I'm using another for the list over why I'm using another for the list over why I'm using another for the list over here So this part over here for token here So this part over here for token here So this part over here for token okay for token in tokens right okay this okay for token in tokens right okay this okay for token in tokens right okay this part over here gets me the list of part over here gets me the list of part over here gets me the list of tokens and then what I'm going to do is tokens and then what I'm going to do is tokens and then what I'm going to do is I'm going to compare this tokens with I'm going to compare this tokens with I'm going to compare this tokens with stop word list and if that word isn't stop word list and if that word isn't stop word list and if that word isn't present then I print it basically I'm present then I print it basically I'm present then I print it basically I'm performing tokenization as well as stop performing tokenization as well as stop performing tokenization as well as stop word removal at the same time and now word removal at the same time and now word removal at the same time and now we'll perform stemming we'll perform stemming we'll perform stemming same way like before I'm going to give same way like before I'm going to give same way like before I'm going to give uh less comprehension so ps is the name uh less comprehension so ps is the name uh less comprehension so ps is the name that we have given port stemmer dot stem that we have given port stemmer dot stem that we have given port stemmer dot stem obviously it's going to be words right obviously it's going to be words right obviously it's going to be words right so for tokens in new token so for tokens in new token so for tokens in new token what I'm going to do is I want them to what I'm going to do is I want them to what I'm going to do is I want them to be stemmed token be stemmed token be stemmed token okay and now what's going to happen is okay and now what's going to happen is okay and now what's going to happen is here I'll have sentence or like it'll be here I'll have sentence or like it'll be here I'll have sentence or like it'll be like clean text this is going to be join like clean text this is going to be join like clean text this is going to be join stem tokens right stem tokens right stem tokens right and what this method will return is the and what this method will return is the and what this method will return is the clean Next. So let me quickly execute this now. All So let me quickly execute this now. All So let me quickly execute this now. All right. So this is done from our end now. right. So this is done from our end now. right. So this is done from our end now. All right. So now what I'm going to do All right. So now what I'm going to do All right. So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to use this get clean text is I'm going to use this get clean text is I'm going to use this get clean text to clean our text data and train data. to clean our text data and train data. to clean our text data and train data. Right. So what I'm going to give here is Right. So what I'm going to give here is Right. So what I'm going to give here is X clean. Okay. Xclean is going to be get X clean. Okay. Xclean is going to be get X clean. Okay. Xclean is going to be get clean text. clean text. clean text. Okay. And I'm going to pass X train. Okay. And I'm going to pass X train. Okay. And I'm going to pass X train. Similarly I'm going to do it for X test. Similarly I'm going to do it for X test. Similarly I'm going to do it for X test. So for that I'm going to do XT_cle So for that I'm going to do XT_cle So for that I'm going to do XT_cle and this is going to be get clean data and this is going to be get clean data and this is going to be get clean data and it's going to be Y sorry X test. and it's going to be Y sorry X test. and it's going to be Y sorry X test. All right. So let me now execute this. All right. So let me now execute this. All right. So let me now execute this. Okay. So we are getting an error over Okay. So we are getting an error over Okay. So we are getting an error over here saying that you know this word over here saying that you know this word over here saying that you know this word over here has no attribute. That's very true. here has no attribute. That's very true. here has no attribute. That's very true. The reason why we are getting this is The reason why we are getting this is The reason why we are getting this is because I'm just passing the value, because I'm just passing the value, because I'm just passing the value, right? So we don't want that. So what right? So we don't want that. So what right? So we don't want that. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to put this I'm going to do is I'm going to put this I'm going to do is I'm going to put this in a form of a list here. in a form of a list here. in a form of a list here. And rather than passing the entire extra And rather than passing the entire extra And rather than passing the entire extra I'll just give one word and pass for I I'll just give one word and pass for I I'll just give one word and pass for I in or extra sorry. And now similarly I'm in or extra sorry. And now similarly I'm in or extra sorry. And now similarly I'm going to do here going to do here going to do here for I in X test. So yeah we haven't for I in X test. So yeah we haven't for I in X test. So yeah we haven't defined our X test yet. So let's quickly defined our X test yet. So let's quickly defined our X test yet. So let's quickly define our X test. All right. So let me define our X test. All right. So let me define our X test. All right. So let me get this coding part over here and let get this coding part over here and let get this coding part over here and let me get my X test. So I'll copy the X me get my X test. So I'll copy the X me get my X test. So I'll copy the X test from here test from here test from here and let me paste it here. and let me paste it here. and let me paste it here. Fine. So let us now execute this. Fine. So let us now execute this. Fine. So let us now execute this. Okay. The reason why we getting an error Okay. The reason why we getting an error Okay. The reason why we getting an error over here is because over here I have over here is because over here I have over here is because over here I have defined as new tokens and here it is new defined as new tokens and here it is new defined as new tokens and here it is new token. Right. So let me quickly fix that token. Right. So let me quickly fix that token. Right. So let me quickly fix that and run this once again. It says X test and run this once again. It says X test and run this once again. It says X test is not defined. Yep. So we will fix this is not defined. Yep. So we will fix this is not defined. Yep. So we will fix this and rerun this again. Most of the times and rerun this again. Most of the times and rerun this again. Most of the times when you're trying to do this program, when you're trying to do this program, when you're trying to do this program, right, you'll encounter a lot of issues. right, you'll encounter a lot of issues. right, you'll encounter a lot of issues. And only when you encounter these And only when you encounter these And only when you encounter these issues, you're going to learn a lot. So issues, you're going to learn a lot. So issues, you're going to learn a lot. So now we have our clean text. So let's now we have our clean text. So let's now we have our clean text. So let's just compare it to and see how it looks. just compare it to and see how it looks. just compare it to and see how it looks. Okay. So as you can see here, our text Okay. So as you can see here, our text Okay. So as you can see here, our text has been reduced. And yeah, so in order has been reduced. And yeah, so in order has been reduced. And yeah, so in order to get this better, what I can do is I to get this better, what I can do is I to get this better, what I can do is I can just pass some space here and then can just pass some space here and then can just pass some space here and then run this here. Let me do one thing. Let run this here. Let me do one thing. Let run this here. Let me do one thing. Let me rerun this from the start here and me rerun this from the start here and me rerun this from the start here and restart the timer. restart the timer. restart the timer. and let me run it all. Okay. and let me run it all. Okay. and let me run it all. Okay. So, as you can see here, now we're So, as you can see here, now we're So, as you can see here, now we're getting some spaces. All right. So, the getting some spaces. All right. So, the getting some spaces. All right. So, the reason why we weren't getting any space reason why we weren't getting any space reason why we weren't getting any space is because I had not added any space. is because I had not added any space. is because I had not added any space. So, now let's perform our classification So, now let's perform our classification So, now let's perform our classification task. Let's we'll be using NLTK. Right? task. Let's we'll be using NLTK. Right? task. Let's we'll be using NLTK. Right? Before that, we have to vectorize our Before that, we have to vectorize our Before that, we have to vectorize our text. As I've mentioned, in order for us text. As I've mentioned, in order for us text. As I've mentioned, in order for us to perform classification, we need to to perform classification, we need to to perform classification, we need to vectorize it. So, vector. So now what we'll do is from skarn So now what we'll do is from skarn So now what we'll do is from skarn dot feature extraction dot feature extraction dot feature extraction dot text import count vectorizer. All dot text import count vectorizer. All dot text import count vectorizer. All right. And now we'll create the instance right. And now we'll create the instance right. And now we'll create the instance of account vectorzer. CV is equal to of account vectorzer. CV is equal to of account vectorzer. CV is equal to count vectorzer. And we'll give our count vectorzer. And we'll give our count vectorzer. And we'll give our engram range. engram range. engram range. It's going to be one and two. And now to It's going to be one and two. And now to It's going to be one and two. And now to vectorize our input. So x vectoriz is vectorize our input. So x vectoriz is vectorize our input. So x vectoriz is equal to cv do ffit transform. equal to cv do ffit transform. equal to cv do ffit transform. And now we're going to pass this value, And now we're going to pass this value, And now we're going to pass this value, right? So we'll pass X clean right? So we'll pass X clean right? So we'll pass X clean and then we want to convert this into an and then we want to convert this into an and then we want to convert this into an array. array. array. So let us now execute this and let's see So let us now execute this and let's see So let us now execute this and let's see how this X vector looks like. how this X vector looks like. how this X vector looks like. Okay. So basically for every word you Okay. So basically for every word you Okay. So basically for every word you know we are getting this vectorzer over know we are getting this vectorzer over know we are getting this vectorzer over here. All right. So now what we're going here. All right. So now what we're going here. All right. So now what we're going to do is we are going to perform our to do is we are going to perform our to do is we are going to perform our classification task. But before that classification task. But before that classification task. But before that let's get our feature names. Okay. So let's get our feature names. Okay. So let's get our feature names. Okay. So print print print cv dot get feature names. Okay. So what cv dot get feature names. Okay. So what cv dot get feature names. Okay. So what this get feature names does is now we this get feature names does is now we this get feature names does is now we don't understand these values right. So don't understand these values right. So don't understand these values right. So you don't know what 0 02 here you don't know what 0 02 here you don't know what 0 02 here represents. So in order to know what represents. So in order to know what represents. So in order to know what values over here represents all we need values over here represents all we need values over here represents all we need to do is get feature names. And as you to do is get feature names. And as you to do is get feature names. And as you can see here this first over here can see here this first over here can see here this first over here represents act. And it's the same for represents act. And it's the same for represents act. And it's the same for all the five arrays over here. So what all the five arrays over here. So what all the five arrays over here. So what basically this count vectorizer tells is basically this count vectorizer tells is basically this count vectorizer tells is that this word act how many times has it that this word act how many times has it that this word act how many times has it repeated in this sentence how many times repeated in this sentence how many times repeated in this sentence how many times it was present in this sentence this is it was present in this sentence this is it was present in this sentence this is what vectorizer does and this kind of what vectorizer does and this kind of what vectorizer does and this kind of model is usually referred to as bag of model is usually referred to as bag of model is usually referred to as bag of word model similarly we'll perform word model similarly we'll perform word model similarly we'll perform vectorization for our test value so x vectorization for our test value so x vectorization for our test value so x test test test cvt transform cvt transform cvt transform and now we have the clean text and now and now we have the clean text and now and now we have the clean text and now we also want to convert into an array we also want to convert into an array we also want to convert into an array All right. So now let's execute this All right. So now let's execute this All right. So now let's execute this part here. Okay. And finally we'll part here. Okay. And finally we'll part here. Okay. And finally we'll perform our classification task. And perform our classification task. And perform our classification task. And we're going to use multinnomial knife we're going to use multinnomial knife we're going to use multinnomial knife base here. Okay. If you don't know there base here. Okay. If you don't know there base here. Okay. If you don't know there are multiple versions of nase that are are multiple versions of nase that are are multiple versions of nase that are available. In order to perform text available. In order to perform text available. In order to perform text classification we use multinnomial knife classification we use multinnomial knife classification we use multinnomial knife base. Okay. So multinnomial. All right. So let me import that from All right. So let me import that from All right. So let me import that from skarn. skarn. skarn. knife base import multinnomial knife knife base import multinnomial knife knife base import multinnomial knife base and now we'll create the instance base and now we'll create the instance base and now we'll create the instance of that. So mn and we'll give of that. So mn and we'll give of that. So mn and we'll give multinnomial knives base. So we'll fit multinnomial knives base. So we'll fit multinnomial knives base. So we'll fit our model. So it'll be multinnomial our model. So it'll be multinnomial our model. So it'll be multinnomial knife base dot fit and we'll give knife base dot fit and we'll give knife base dot fit and we'll give values. Okay. So it's going to be x values. Okay. So it's going to be x values. Okay. So it's going to be x vector. x vector is nothing but you know vector. x vector is nothing but you know vector. x vector is nothing but you know our vectorzed form which is nothing but our vectorzed form which is nothing but our vectorzed form which is nothing but this x vector and then we're going to this x vector and then we're going to this x vector and then we're going to give y values. All right. And let me give y values. All right. And let me give y values. All right. And let me execute this. So it says Y isn't execute this. So it says Y isn't execute this. So it says Y isn't defined. So let's go back here and see defined. So let's go back here and see defined. So let's go back here and see where we're going wrong. Oh yeah, it's where we're going wrong. Oh yeah, it's where we're going wrong. Oh yeah, it's not Y, it's going to be Y train, right? not Y, it's going to be Y train, right? not Y, it's going to be Y train, right? So let's copy this and let me paste it So let's copy this and let me paste it So let's copy this and let me paste it over here and let me execute this over here and let me execute this over here and let me execute this program. So now we have a multinnomial program. So now we have a multinnomial program. So now we have a multinnomial night base and let us now perform night base and let us now perform night base and let us now perform prediction. So MN will return this prediction. So MN will return this prediction. So MN will return this value, right? So it be like Y red. This value, right? So it be like Y red. This value, right? So it be like Y red. This is going to be MNB or MN multinnomial is going to be MNB or MN multinnomial is going to be MNB or MN multinnomial base.predict. predict and over here base.predict. predict and over here base.predict. predict and over here we're going to pass the test value right we're going to pass the test value right we're going to pass the test value right so x text vector xt vector fine so let's so x text vector xt vector fine so let's so x text vector xt vector fine so let's now see what what will be the out for now see what what will be the out for now see what what will be the out for this but before that I would like you to this but before that I would like you to this but before that I would like you to guess what can be the output okay see we guess what can be the output okay see we guess what can be the output okay see we have performed classification task and have performed classification task and have performed classification task and now by doing this predict the value of now by doing this predict the value of now by doing this predict the value of xt all we are trying to do is predict xt all we are trying to do is predict xt all we are trying to do is predict whether that sentence belongs to class A whether that sentence belongs to class A whether that sentence belongs to class A or class B and class A here refers to or class B and class A here refers to or class B and class A here refers to spam and class B here refers to not spam spam and class B here refers to not spam spam and class B here refers to not spam and in vectorzed form it's going to be and in vectorzed form it's going to be and in vectorzed form it's going to be either one or zero. So let's now see why either one or zero. So let's now see why either one or zero. So let's now see why predicted it'll give us an array. So predicted it'll give us an array. So predicted it'll give us an array. So over here it gives one and zero. So over here it gives one and zero. So over here it gives one and zero. So let's see what it means. Okay here one let's see what it means. Okay here one let's see what it means. Okay here one refers to positive value and zero refers refers to positive value and zero refers refers to positive value and zero refers to negative class. And what was our x to negative class. And what was our x to negative class. And what was our x test value? So we have defined our x test value? So we have defined our x test value? So we have defined our x text somewhere over here. So here I was text somewhere over here. So here I was text somewhere over here. So here I was happy and happy and I love acting in the happy and happy and I love acting in the happy and happy and I love acting in the movie. Y refers to positive right? So movie. Y refers to positive right? So movie. Y refers to positive right? So happy is a positive word which we know. happy is a positive word which we know. happy is a positive word which we know. Let's see what did our machine identify Let's see what did our machine identify Let's see what did our machine identify it as. So the first word over here or it as. So the first word over here or it as. So the first word over here or the first sentence refers to this and it the first sentence refers to this and it the first sentence refers to this and it says one which means happy. Okay, says one which means happy. Okay, says one which means happy. Okay, instead of doing this what I'll do is in instead of doing this what I'll do is in instead of doing this what I'll do is in our test data we'll just give one value. our test data we'll just give one value. our test data we'll just give one value. Okay, this is just so that you better Okay, this is just so that you better Okay, this is just so that you better understand this. So we know that this is understand this. So we know that this is understand this. So we know that this is a very bad word, right? And when I say a very bad word, right? And when I say a very bad word, right? And when I say bad word I don't mean you know I mean bad word I don't mean you know I mean bad word I don't mean you know I mean this words these are the bad words or this words these are the bad words or this words these are the bad words or the words that give us negative feature the words that give us negative feature the words that give us negative feature right? So let me execute this. what I'm right? So let me execute this. what I'm right? So let me execute this. what I'm expecting in the output is zero. So as you can see here our predicted So as you can see here our predicted So as you can see here our predicted value is zero. So with this we can say value is zero. So with this we can say value is zero. So with this we can say that our classification is working and that our classification is working and that our classification is working and we can also do this using a pretty huge we can also do this using a pretty huge we can also do this using a pretty huge data set. data set. data set. [music] So let's understand what is natural So let's understand what is natural So let's understand what is natural language processing. language processing. language processing. So NLP refers to the artificial So NLP refers to the artificial So NLP refers to the artificial intelligence method of communicating intelligence method of communicating intelligence method of communicating with an intelligence system using with an intelligence system using with an intelligence system using natural language. By utilizing NLP and natural language. By utilizing NLP and natural language. By utilizing NLP and its components, one [snorts] can its components, one [snorts] can its components, one [snorts] can organize the massive chunks of textual organize the massive chunks of textual organize the massive chunks of textual data, perform numerous or automated task data, perform numerous or automated task data, perform numerous or automated task and solve a wide range of problems such and solve a wide range of problems such and solve a wide range of problems such as automatic summarization, machine as automatic summarization, machine as automatic summarization, machine translation, named entity recognition, translation, named entity recognition, translation, named entity recognition, speech recognition, and topic speech recognition, and topic speech recognition, and topic segmentation. So let's understand the segmentation. So let's understand the segmentation. So let's understand the basic structure of an NLP application. basic structure of an NLP application. basic structure of an NLP application. Considering the chatbot here as an Considering the chatbot here as an Considering the chatbot here as an example, we can see first we have the example, we can see first we have the example, we can see first we have the NLP layer which is connected to the NLP layer which is connected to the NLP layer which is connected to the knowledge base and the data storage. Now knowledge base and the data storage. Now knowledge base and the data storage. Now the knowledge base is where we have the the knowledge base is where we have the the knowledge base is where we have the source content that is we have all the source content that is we have all the source content that is we have all the chat logs which contain a large history chat logs which contain a large history chat logs which contain a large history of all the chats which are used to train of all the chats which are used to train of all the chats which are used to train the particular algorithm. And again we the particular algorithm. And again we the particular algorithm. And again we have the data storage where we have the have the data storage where we have the have the data storage where we have the interaction history and the analytics of interaction history and the analytics of interaction history and the analytics of that interaction which in turn helps the that interaction which in turn helps the that interaction which in turn helps the NLP layer to generate the meaningful NLP layer to generate the meaningful NLP layer to generate the meaningful output. So now if we have a look at the output. So now if we have a look at the output. So now if we have a look at the various applications of NLP. First of various applications of NLP. First of various applications of NLP. First of all we have sentimental analysis. Now all we have sentimental analysis. Now all we have sentimental analysis. Now this is a field where NLP is used this is a field where NLP is used this is a field where NLP is used heavily. We have speech recognition. Now heavily. We have speech recognition. Now heavily. We have speech recognition. Now here we are also talking about the voice here we are also talking about the voice here we are also talking about the voice assistants like Google assistant, assistants like Google assistant, assistants like Google assistant, Cortana and the Siri. Now next we have Cortana and the Siri. Now next we have Cortana and the Siri. Now next we have the implementation of chatbot as I the implementation of chatbot as I the implementation of chatbot as I discussed earlier just now. Now you discussed earlier just now. Now you discussed earlier just now. Now you might have used the customer care chat might have used the customer care chat might have used the customer care chat services of any app. It also uses NLP to services of any app. It also uses NLP to services of any app. It also uses NLP to process the data entered and provide the process the data entered and provide the process the data entered and provide the response based on the input. Now machine response based on the input. Now machine response based on the input. Now machine translation is also another use case of translation is also another use case of translation is also another use case of natural language processing. Now natural language processing. Now natural language processing. Now considering the most common example here considering the most common example here considering the most common example here would be the Google translate. It uses would be the Google translate. It uses would be the Google translate. It uses NLP and translates the data from one NLP and translates the data from one NLP and translates the data from one language to another and that too in real language to another and that too in real language to another and that too in real time. Now other applications of NLP time. Now other applications of NLP time. Now other applications of NLP includes spellchecking. Then we have the includes spellchecking. Then we have the includes spellchecking. Then we have the keyword search which is also a big field keyword search which is also a big field keyword search which is also a big field where NLP is used. Extracting where NLP is used. Extracting where NLP is used. Extracting information from any particular website information from any particular website information from any particular website or any particular document is also a use or any particular document is also a use or any particular document is also a use case of NLP. And one of the coolest case of NLP. And one of the coolest case of NLP. And one of the coolest application of NLP is advertisement application of NLP is advertisement application of NLP is advertisement matching. Now here what we mean is matching. Now here what we mean is matching. Now here what we mean is basically recommendation of the ads basically recommendation of the ads basically recommendation of the ads based on your history. Now NLP is based on your history. Now NLP is based on your history. Now NLP is divided into two major components that divided into two major components that divided into two major components that is the natural language understanding is the natural language understanding is the natural language understanding which is also known as NLU and we have which is also known as NLU and we have which is also known as NLU and we have the natural language generation which is the natural language generation which is the natural language generation which is also known as NLG. The understanding also known as NLG. The understanding also known as NLG. The understanding involves tasks like mapping the given involves tasks like mapping the given involves tasks like mapping the given input into natural language into useful input into natural language into useful input into natural language into useful representations analyzing different representations analyzing different representations analyzing different aspects of the language. Whereas natural aspects of the language. Whereas natural aspects of the language. Whereas natural language generation it is the process of language generation it is the process of language generation it is the process of producing the meaningful phrases and producing the meaningful phrases and producing the meaningful phrases and sentence in the form of natural sentence in the form of natural sentence in the form of natural language. It involves text planning, language. It involves text planning, language. It involves text planning, sentence planning and text realization. sentence planning and text realization. sentence planning and text realization. Now, NLU is usually considered harder Now, NLU is usually considered harder Now, NLU is usually considered harder than NLG. Now, you might be thinking than NLG. Now, you might be thinking than NLG. Now, you might be thinking that even a small child can understand a that even a small child can understand a that even a small child can understand a language. So, let's see what are the language. So, let's see what are the language. So, let's see what are the difficulties a machine faces while difficulties a machine faces while difficulties a machine faces while understanding any particular languages. understanding any particular languages. understanding any particular languages. Now, understanding a new language is Now, understanding a new language is Now, understanding a new language is very hard taking our English into very hard taking our English into very hard taking our English into consideration. There are a lot of consideration. There are a lot of consideration. There are a lot of ambiguity and that too in different ambiguity and that too in different ambiguity and that too in different levels. We have lexical ambiguity, levels. We have lexical ambiguity, levels. We have lexical ambiguity, syntactical ambiguity and referential syntactical ambiguity and referential syntactical ambiguity and referential ambiguity. So lexical ambiguity is the ambiguity. So lexical ambiguity is the ambiguity. So lexical ambiguity is the presence of two or more possible presence of two or more possible presence of two or more possible meanings within a single word. It is meanings within a single word. It is meanings within a single word. It is also sometimes referred to as semantic also sometimes referred to as semantic also sometimes referred to as semantic ambiguity. For example, let's consider ambiguity. For example, let's consider ambiguity. For example, let's consider these sentences and let's focus on the these sentences and let's focus on the these sentences and let's focus on the italicized words. She is looking for a italicized words. She is looking for a italicized words. She is looking for a match. So what do you infer by the word match. So what do you infer by the word match. So what do you infer by the word match? Is it that she looking for a match? Is it that she looking for a match? Is it that she looking for a partner or is it that she's looking for partner or is it that she's looking for partner or is it that she's looking for a match be it a cricket match or a rugby a match be it a cricket match or a rugby a match be it a cricket match or a rugby match? Now the second sentence here we match? Now the second sentence here we match? Now the second sentence here we have the fisherman went to the bank. Is have the fisherman went to the bank. Is have the fisherman went to the bank. Is it the bank where we go to collect our it the bank where we go to collect our it the bank where we go to collect our checks and money or is it the river bank checks and money or is it the river bank checks and money or is it the river bank we are talking about here. Sometimes it we are talking about here. Sometimes it we are talking about here. Sometimes it is obvious that we are talking about the is obvious that we are talking about the is obvious that we are talking about the river bank but it might be true that river bank but it might be true that river bank but it might be true that he's actually going to a bank to he's actually going to a bank to he's actually going to a bank to withdraw some money. You never know. Now withdraw some money. You never know. Now withdraw some money. You never know. Now coming to the second type of ambiguity coming to the second type of ambiguity coming to the second type of ambiguity which is the syntactical ambiguity. In which is the syntactical ambiguity. In which is the syntactical ambiguity. In English grammar this syntactical English grammar this syntactical English grammar this syntactical ambiguity is the presence of two or more ambiguity is the presence of two or more ambiguity is the presence of two or more possible meanings within a single possible meanings within a single possible meanings within a single sentence or a sequence of words. It is sentence or a sequence of words. It is sentence or a sequence of words. It is also called as structural ambiguity or also called as structural ambiguity or also called as structural ambiguity or grammatical ambiguity. Taking these grammatical ambiguity. Taking these grammatical ambiguity. Taking these sentences into consideration, we can sentences into consideration, we can sentences into consideration, we can clearly see what are the ambiguities clearly see what are the ambiguities clearly see what are the ambiguities faced. The chicken is ready to eat. So faced. The chicken is ready to eat. So faced. The chicken is ready to eat. So here, what do you infer? Is the chicken here, what do you infer? Is the chicken here, what do you infer? Is the chicken ready to eat his food or is the chicken ready to eat his food or is the chicken ready to eat his food or is the chicken ready for us to eat. Similarly, we have ready for us to eat. Similarly, we have ready for us to eat. Similarly, we have the sentence like visiting relatives can the sentence like visiting relatives can the sentence like visiting relatives can be boring. Are the relatives boring or be boring. Are the relatives boring or be boring. Are the relatives boring or when we are visiting the relative, it is when we are visiting the relative, it is when we are visiting the relative, it is very boring. You never know. Coming to very boring. You never know. Coming to very boring. You never know. Coming to the final ambiguity which is the the final ambiguity which is the the final ambiguity which is the referential ambiguity. Now this referential ambiguity. Now this referential ambiguity. Now this ambiguity arises when we are referring ambiguity arises when we are referring ambiguity arises when we are referring to something using pronouns. The boy to something using pronouns. The boy to something using pronouns. The boy told his father the theft he was very told his father the theft he was very told his father the theft he was very upset. Who is he? Is it the boy? Is it upset. Who is he? Is it the boy? Is it upset. Who is he? Is it the boy? Is it the father or is it the thief? the father or is it the thief? the father or is it the thief? So coming back to NLP firstly we need to So coming back to NLP firstly we need to So coming back to NLP firstly we need to install the NLTK library that is the install the NLTK library that is the install the NLTK library that is the natural language toolkit. It is the natural language toolkit. It is the natural language toolkit. It is the leading platform for building Python leading platform for building Python leading platform for building Python programs to work with human language programs to work with human language programs to work with human language data and it also provides easytouse data and it also provides easytouse data and it also provides easytouse interfaces to 15 corpora and lexical interfaces to 15 corpora and lexical interfaces to 15 corpora and lexical resources. We can use it to perform resources. We can use it to perform resources. We can use it to perform functions like classification, functions like classification, functions like classification, tokenization, stemming, tagging and much tokenization, stemming, tagging and much tokenization, stemming, tagging and much more. Now once you install the NLTK more. Now once you install the NLTK more. Now once you install the NLTK library, you will see an NLTK library, you will see an NLTK library, you will see an NLTK downloader. It is a pop-up window which downloader. It is a pop-up window which downloader. It is a pop-up window which will come up and in that you have to will come up and in that you have to will come up and in that you have to select the all option and press the select the all option and press the select the all option and press the download button. It will download all download button. It will download all download button. It will download all the required files, the corpora, the the required files, the corpora, the the required files, the corpora, the models and all the different packages models and all the different packages models and all the different packages which are available in the NLCK. Now which are available in the NLCK. Now which are available in the NLCK. Now when we process text there are a few when we process text there are a few when we process text there are a few terminologies that we need to terminologies that we need to terminologies that we need to understand. Now the first one is understand. Now the first one is understand. Now the first one is tokenization. So tokenization is a tokenization. So tokenization is a tokenization. So tokenization is a process of breaking strings into tokens process of breaking strings into tokens process of breaking strings into tokens which in turn are small structures or which in turn are small structures or which in turn are small structures or units that can be used for tokenization. units that can be used for tokenization. units that can be used for tokenization. Now tokenization involves three steps Now tokenization involves three steps Now tokenization involves three steps which is the breaking a complex sentence which is the breaking a complex sentence which is the breaking a complex sentence into words understanding the importance into words understanding the importance into words understanding the importance of each words with respect to the of each words with respect to the of each words with respect to the sentence and finally produce a sentence and finally produce a sentence and finally produce a structural description on an input structural description on an input structural description on an input sentence. So if we have a look at the sentence. So if we have a look at the sentence. So if we have a look at the example here considering this sentence example here considering this sentence example here considering this sentence tokenization is the first step in NLP. tokenization is the first step in NLP. tokenization is the first step in NLP. Now when we divide it into tokens as you Now when we divide it into tokens as you Now when we divide it into tokens as you can see here we have 1 2 3 4 5 6 and can see here we have 1 2 3 4 5 6 and can see here we have 1 2 3 4 5 6 and seven tokens here. Now, NLTK also allows seven tokens here. Now, NLTK also allows seven tokens here. Now, NLTK also allows you to tokenize phrases containing more you to tokenize phrases containing more you to tokenize phrases containing more than one word. So, let's go ahead and than one word. So, let's go ahead and than one word. So, let's go ahead and see how we can implement tokenization see how we can implement tokenization see how we can implement tokenization using NLTK. So, here I'm using Jupyter using NLTK. So, here I'm using Jupyter using NLTK. So, here I'm using Jupyter notebook to execute all my practicals notebook to execute all my practicals notebook to execute all my practicals and demo. Now, you are free to use any and demo. Now, you are free to use any and demo. Now, you are free to use any sort of IDE which is supported by sort of IDE which is supported by sort of IDE which is supported by Python. It's your choice. So, let me Python. It's your choice. So, let me Python. It's your choice. So, let me create a new notebook here. Let me create a new notebook here. Let me create a new notebook here. Let me rename as text mining and NLP. So first of all let us import all the So first of all let us import all the So first of all let us import all the necessary libraries. Here we are necessary libraries. Here we are necessary libraries. Here we are importing the OS NLTK and the NLTK importing the OS NLTK and the NLTK importing the OS NLTK and the NLTK corus. corus. corus. So as you can see here we have various So as you can see here we have various So as you can see here we have various files which represent different types of files which represent different types of files which represent different types of words, different types of functions. We words, different types of functions. We words, different types of functions. We have samples of Twitter. have samples of Twitter. have samples of Twitter. We have different sentimental word net. We have different sentimental word net. We have different sentimental word net. We have product reviews. We have movie We have product reviews. We have movie We have product reviews. We have movie reviews. We have non-breaking prefixes reviews. We have non-breaking prefixes reviews. We have non-breaking prefixes and many more files here. and many more files here. and many more files here. Now let's have a look at the gutenberg Now let's have a look at the gutenberg Now let's have a look at the gutenberg file here and see what are all the file here and see what are all the file here and see what are all the fields which are present in the gutenber fields which are present in the gutenber fields which are present in the gutenber file. So as you can see here inside this file. So as you can see here inside this file. So as you can see here inside this we have all the different types of text we have all the different types of text we have all the different types of text files. We have Austin, we have the files. We have Austin, we have the files. We have Austin, we have the Shakespeare, we have the Hamlet, we have Shakespeare, we have the Hamlet, we have Shakespeare, we have the Hamlet, we have Mobex, we have the Carol Alice and many Mobex, we have the Carol Alice and many Mobex, we have the Carol Alice and many more. Now this is just one file we are more. Now this is just one file we are more. Now this is just one file we are talking about and NLTK provides a lot of talking about and NLTK provides a lot of talking about and NLTK provides a lot of files. So let's consider a document of files. So let's consider a document of files. So let's consider a document of type string and understand the type string and understand the type string and understand the significance of its tokens. So if you significance of its tokens. So if you significance of its tokens. So if you have a look at the elements of the have a look at the elements of the have a look at the elements of the hamlet, you can see it starts from the hamlet, you can see it starts from the hamlet, you can see it starts from the tragedy of hamlet by William tragedy of hamlet by William tragedy of hamlet by William Shakespeare. Shakespeare. Shakespeare. So if you have a look at the first 500 So if you have a look at the first 500 So if you have a look at the first 500 elements of this particular text file. elements of this particular text file. elements of this particular text file. So as I was saying, the tragedy of So as I was saying, the tragedy of So as I was saying, the tragedy of Hamlet by William Shakespeare 1599 Hamlet by William Shakespeare 1599 Hamlet by William Shakespeare 1599 actor's premise. We can use a lot of actor's premise. We can use a lot of actor's premise. We can use a lot of these files for analysis and text for these files for analysis and text for these files for analysis and text for understanding and analysis purposes and understanding and analysis purposes and understanding and analysis purposes and this is where NLT comes into picture and this is where NLT comes into picture and this is where NLT comes into picture and it helps a lot of programmers to learn it helps a lot of programmers to learn it helps a lot of programmers to learn about the different features and the about the different features and the about the different features and the different application of language different application of language different application of language processing. So here I have created a processing. So here I have created a processing. So here I have created a paragraph on artificial intelligence. So paragraph on artificial intelligence. So paragraph on artificial intelligence. So let me just execute it. Now this AI is let me just execute it. Now this AI is let me just execute it. Now this AI is of the string type. So it will be easier of the string type. So it will be easier of the string type. So it will be easier for us to tokenize it. Nonetheless, any for us to tokenize it. Nonetheless, any for us to tokenize it. Nonetheless, any of the files can be used to tokenize. of the files can be used to tokenize. of the files can be used to tokenize. For simplicity, here I'm taking a string For simplicity, here I'm taking a string For simplicity, here I'm taking a string file. The next what we are going to do file. The next what we are going to do file. The next what we are going to do is import the word tokenize under the is import the word tokenize under the is import the word tokenize under the NLTK tokenize library. Now, this will NLTK tokenize library. Now, this will NLTK tokenize library. Now, this will help us to tokenize all the words. Now, help us to tokenize all the words. Now, help us to tokenize all the words. Now, we will run the word tokenize function we will run the word tokenize function we will run the word tokenize function over the paragraph and assign it a name. over the paragraph and assign it a name. over the paragraph and assign it a name. So, here I'm considering AI tokens and So, here I'm considering AI tokens and So, here I'm considering AI tokens and I'm using the word tokenize function on I'm using the word tokenize function on I'm using the word tokenize function on it. Let's see what's the output of this it. Let's see what's the output of this it. Let's see what's the output of this AI tokens. AI tokens. AI tokens. So as you can see here it has divided So as you can see here it has divided So as you can see here it has divided all the input which was provided here all the input which was provided here all the input which was provided here into the tokens. into the tokens. into the tokens. Now let's have a look at the number of Now let's have a look at the number of Now let's have a look at the number of tokens here we have here. So in total we tokens here we have here. So in total we tokens here we have here. So in total we have 273 tokens. Now these tokens are a have 273 tokens. Now these tokens are a have 273 tokens. Now these tokens are a list of words and the special characters list of words and the special characters list of words and the special characters which are separated items of the list. which are separated items of the list. which are separated items of the list. Now in order to find the frequency of Now in order to find the frequency of Now in order to find the frequency of the distinct elements here in the given the distinct elements here in the given the distinct elements here in the given AI paragraph we are going to import the AI paragraph we are going to import the AI paragraph we are going to import the frequency distinct function which falls frequency distinct function which falls frequency distinct function which falls under NLTK.probability. under NLTK.probability. under NLTK.probability. So let's create a f test in which we So let's create a f test in which we So let's create a f test in which we have the function here frequentist have the function here frequentist have the function here frequentist and basically what we are doing here is and basically what we are doing here is and basically what we are doing here is finding the word count of all the words finding the word count of all the words finding the word count of all the words in the paragraph. in the paragraph. in the paragraph. So as you can see here we have comma 30 So as you can see here we have comma 30 So as you can see here we have comma 30 times we have full stop nine times and times we have full stop nine times and times we have full stop nine times and we have accomplished one according one we have accomplished one according one we have accomplished one according one and so on. We have computer five times. and so on. We have computer five times. and so on. We have computer five times. Now here we are also converting the Now here we are also converting the Now here we are also converting the tokens into lower case so as to avoid tokens into lower case so as to avoid tokens into lower case so as to avoid the probability of considering a word the probability of considering a word the probability of considering a word with upper case and lower case as with upper case and lower case as with upper case and lower case as different. Now suppose we were to select different. Now suppose we were to select different. Now suppose we were to select the top 10 tokens with the highest the top 10 tokens with the highest the top 10 tokens with the highest frequency. So here you can see that we frequency. So here you can see that we frequency. So here you can see that we have comma 30 times the 13 times of 12 have comma 30 times the 13 times of 12 have comma 30 times the 13 times of 12 times and 12 times. Whereas the times and 12 times. Whereas the times and 12 times. Whereas the meaningful words which are intelligence meaningful words which are intelligence meaningful words which are intelligence which is six times and intelligence six which is six times and intelligence six which is six times and intelligence six time. Now there is another type of time. Now there is another type of time. Now there is another type of tokenizer which is the blank tokenizer. tokenizer which is the blank tokenizer. tokenizer which is the blank tokenizer. Now let's use the blank tokenizer over Now let's use the blank tokenizer over Now let's use the blank tokenizer over the same string to tokenize the the same string to tokenize the the same string to tokenize the paragraph with respect to the blank paragraph with respect to the blank paragraph with respect to the blank string. Now the output here is nine. Now string. Now the output here is nine. Now string. Now the output here is nine. Now this nine indicates how many paragraphs this nine indicates how many paragraphs this nine indicates how many paragraphs we have and what all paragraphs are we have and what all paragraphs are we have and what all paragraphs are separated by a new line. Although it separated by a new line. Although it separated by a new line. Although it might seem like a one paragraph, it is might seem like a one paragraph, it is might seem like a one paragraph, it is not. The original structure of the data not. The original structure of the data not. The original structure of the data remains intact. Now another important remains intact. Now another important remains intact. Now another important key term in tokenizations are biograms, key term in tokenizations are biograms, key term in tokenizations are biograms, diagrams and engrams. Now what does this diagrams and engrams. Now what does this diagrams and engrams. Now what does this mean? Now biograms refers to tokens of mean? Now biograms refers to tokens of mean? Now biograms refers to tokens of two consecutive words known as a bagram. two consecutive words known as a bagram. two consecutive words known as a bagram. Similarly, tokens of three consecutive Similarly, tokens of three consecutive Similarly, tokens of three consecutive written words are known as trigram. And written words are known as trigram. And written words are known as trigram. And similarly, we have engrams for the n similarly, we have engrams for the n similarly, we have engrams for the n consecutive written words. So, let's go consecutive written words. So, let's go consecutive written words. So, let's go ahead and execute some demo based on ahead and execute some demo based on ahead and execute some demo based on biograms, diagrams, and engrams. So, biograms, diagrams, and engrams. So, biograms, diagrams, and engrams. So, first of all, what we need to do is first of all, what we need to do is first of all, what we need to do is import biograms, diagrams, and engrams import biograms, diagrams, and engrams import biograms, diagrams, and engrams from NLTK.util. from NLTK.util. from NLTK.util. Now, let's take a string here on which Now, let's take a string here on which Now, let's take a string here on which we'll use these functions. So taking we'll use these functions. So taking we'll use these functions. So taking this string into consideration, the best this string into consideration, the best this string into consideration, the best and the most beautiful thing in the and the most beautiful thing in the and the most beautiful thing in the world cannot be seen or even touched. world cannot be seen or even touched. world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. So They must be felt with the heart. So They must be felt with the heart. So first what we are going to do is split first what we are going to do is split first what we are going to do is split the above sentence or the string into the above sentence or the string into the above sentence or the string into tokens. So for that we are going to use tokens. So for that we are going to use tokens. So for that we are going to use the word tokenize. So as you can see the word tokenize. So as you can see the word tokenize. So as you can see here we have the tokens. Now let us now here we have the tokens. Now let us now here we have the tokens. Now let us now create the bagram of the list containing create the bagram of the list containing create the bagram of the list containing tokens. So for that we are going to use tokens. So for that we are going to use tokens. So for that we are going to use the nltk.bigs biograms and pass all the the nltk.bigs biograms and pass all the the nltk.bigs biograms and pass all the tokens and since it is a list we are tokens and since it is a list we are tokens and since it is a list we are going to use the list function. So as going to use the list function. So as going to use the list function. So as you can see under output we have the you can see under output we have the you can see under output we have the best best and and most beautiful thing best best and and most beautiful thing best best and and most beautiful thing in the world. So as you can see the in the world. So as you can see the in the world. So as you can see the tokens are in the form of two words it's tokens are in the form of two words it's tokens are in the form of two words it's in a pair form. Similarly if we want to in a pair form. Similarly if we want to in a pair form. Similarly if we want to do the triagrams and find out the do the triagrams and find out the do the triagrams and find out the triagrams what we need to do is just triagrams what we need to do is just triagrams what we need to do is just remove the bagrams and use the remove the bagrams and use the remove the bagrams and use the triagrams. triagrams. triagrams. So as you can see we have tokens in the So as you can see we have tokens in the So as you can see we have tokens in the form of three words and if you want to form of three words and if you want to form of three words and if you want to use the engrams let me show you how it's use the engrams let me show you how it's use the engrams let me show you how it's done. So for engrams what we need to do done. So for engrams what we need to do done. So for engrams what we need to do is define a particular number here. So is define a particular number here. So is define a particular number here. So instead of n I'm going to use let's say instead of n I'm going to use let's say instead of n I'm going to use let's say four. So as you can see we have the four. So as you can see we have the four. So as you can see we have the output in the form of four tokens. output in the form of four tokens. output in the form of four tokens. Now once we have the tokens we need to Now once we have the tokens we need to Now once we have the tokens we need to make some changes to the tokens. So for make some changes to the tokens. So for make some changes to the tokens. So for that we have stemming. Now stemming that we have stemming. Now stemming that we have stemming. Now stemming usually refers to normalizing words into usually refers to normalizing words into usually refers to normalizing words into its base form or the root form. So if we its base form or the root form. So if we its base form or the root form. So if we have a look at the words here we have have a look at the words here we have have a look at the words here we have affectation, effects, affections, affectation, effects, affections, affectation, effects, affections, affected, affection and affecting. So as affected, affection and affecting. So as affected, affection and affecting. So as you might have guessed the root word you might have guessed the root word you might have guessed the root word here is affect. So one thing to keep in here is affect. So one thing to keep in here is affect. So one thing to keep in mind here is that the result may not be mind here is that the result may not be mind here is that the result may not be the root word always. the root word always. the root word always. Seming algorithm works by cutting off Seming algorithm works by cutting off Seming algorithm works by cutting off the end or the beginning of the word the end or the beginning of the word the end or the beginning of the word taking into account a list of common taking into account a list of common taking into account a list of common prefixes and suffixes that can be found prefixes and suffixes that can be found prefixes and suffixes that can be found in an infected word. Now this in an infected word. Now this in an infected word. Now this indiscriminate cutting can be successful indiscriminate cutting can be successful indiscriminate cutting can be successful in some occasions but not always and in some occasions but not always and in some occasions but not always and this is why we affirm that this approach this is why we affirm that this approach this is why we affirm that this approach presents some limitations. So let's go presents some limitations. So let's go presents some limitations. So let's go ahead and see how we can perform ahead and see how we can perform ahead and see how we can perform stemming on a particular given data set. stemming on a particular given data set. stemming on a particular given data set. Now there are quite a few types of stem. Now there are quite a few types of stem. Now there are quite a few types of stem. So starting with the potter stem we need So starting with the potter stem we need So starting with the potter stem we need to import it from nltk. stem. Let's get to import it from nltk. stem. Let's get to import it from nltk. stem. Let's get the output of the word having and see the output of the word having and see the output of the word having and see what is the stemming of this word. So as what is the stemming of this word. So as what is the stemming of this word. So as you can see we have have as the output. you can see we have have as the output. you can see we have have as the output. Now here we have defined words to stem Now here we have defined words to stem Now here we have defined words to stem which are give, giving, given and gave. which are give, giving, given and gave. which are give, giving, given and gave. So let's use the porter stemer and see So let's use the porter stemer and see So let's use the porter stemer and see what is the output of this particular what is the output of this particular what is the output of this particular stemming. So as you can see it has given stemming. So as you can see it has given stemming. So as you can see it has given give, given, give and gave. Now we can give, given, give and gave. Now we can give, given, give and gave. Now we can see that the stemmer removed only the see that the stemmer removed only the see that the stemmer removed only the ing and replaced it with an e. Now let's ing and replaced it with an e. Now let's ing and replaced it with an e. Now let's try to do it the same with another try to do it the same with another try to do it the same with another stemmer called the Lancaster stemmer. stemmer called the Lancaster stemmer. stemmer called the Lancaster stemmer. You can see the stemmer stemmed all the You can see the stemmer stemmed all the You can see the stemmer stemmed all the words. As a result of it, you can words. As a result of it, you can words. As a result of it, you can conclude that the Lancaster stemmer is conclude that the Lancaster stemmer is conclude that the Lancaster stemmer is more aggressive than the potter stemer. more aggressive than the potter stemer. more aggressive than the potter stemer. Now the use of each of these stemmers Now the use of each of these stemmers Now the use of each of these stemmers depend on the type of task that you want depend on the type of task that you want depend on the type of task that you want to perform. For example, if you want to to perform. For example, if you want to to perform. For example, if you want to check how many times the words GIV is check how many times the words GIV is check how many times the words GIV is used above, you can use the Lancaster used above, you can use the Lancaster used above, you can use the Lancaster stemmer. And for other purposes, you stemmer. And for other purposes, you stemmer. And for other purposes, you have the Potter stemer as well. have the Potter stemer as well. have the Potter stemer as well. Now, there are a lot of stemmers. There Now, there are a lot of stemmers. There Now, there are a lot of stemmers. There is one snowball stemmer also present is one snowball stemmer also present is one snowball stemmer also present where you need to specify the language where you need to specify the language where you need to specify the language which you are using and then use the which you are using and then use the which you are using and then use the snowball stemmer. Now, as we discussed snowball stemmer. Now, as we discussed snowball stemmer. Now, as we discussed that stemming algorithm works by cutting that stemming algorithm works by cutting that stemming algorithm works by cutting off the end or the beginning of the off the end or the beginning of the off the end or the beginning of the word. On the other hand, lemitization word. On the other hand, lemitization word. On the other hand, lemitization takes into consideration the takes into consideration the takes into consideration the morphological analysis of the word. Now, morphological analysis of the word. Now, morphological analysis of the word. Now, in order to do so, it is necessary to in order to do so, it is necessary to in order to do so, it is necessary to have a detailed dictionary which the have a detailed dictionary which the have a detailed dictionary which the algorithm can look into to link the form algorithm can look into to link the form algorithm can look into to link the form back to its lema. Now, limitization what back to its lema. Now, limitization what back to its lema. Now, limitization what it does is groups together different it does is groups together different it does is groups together different infected forms of a word which are infected forms of a word which are infected forms of a word which are called lema. It is somehow similar to called lema. It is somehow similar to called lema. It is somehow similar to stemming as it maps several words into a stemming as it maps several words into a stemming as it maps several words into a common root. Now one of the most common root. Now one of the most common root. Now one of the most important thing here to consider is that important thing here to consider is that important thing here to consider is that the output of limitization is a proper the output of limitization is a proper the output of limitization is a proper word unlike stemming in that case where word unlike stemming in that case where word unlike stemming in that case where we got the output as GIV. Now GIV is not we got the output as GIV. Now GIV is not we got the output as GIV. Now GIV is not any word it's just a stem. Now for any word it's just a stem. Now for any word it's just a stem. Now for example if a leatization should work on example if a leatization should work on example if a leatization should work on go on going and went it all stems into go on going and went it all stems into go on going and went it all stems into go because that is the root of the all go because that is the root of the all go because that is the root of the all the three words here. So let's go ahead the three words here. So let's go ahead the three words here. So let's go ahead and see how lemitization work on the and see how lemitization work on the and see how lemitization work on the given input data. Now for that we are given input data. Now for that we are given input data. Now for that we are going to import the leatizer from NLTK. going to import the leatizer from NLTK. going to import the leatizer from NLTK. Now we are also importing the word net Now we are also importing the word net Now we are also importing the word net here. As I mentioned earlier that here. As I mentioned earlier that here. As I mentioned earlier that lemitization requires a detail lemitization requires a detail lemitization requires a detail dictionary because the output of it is a dictionary because the output of it is a dictionary because the output of it is a root word which is a particular given root word which is a particular given root word which is a particular given word. It's not just any random word. It word. It's not just any random word. It word. It's not just any random word. It is a proper word. So to find that proper is a proper word. So to find that proper is a proper word. So to find that proper word it needs a dictionary. So here we word it needs a dictionary. So here we word it needs a dictionary. So here we are providing the word net dictionary are providing the word net dictionary are providing the word net dictionary and we are using the word net lematizer. and we are using the word net lematizer. and we are using the word net lematizer. So passing the word corpora into the So passing the word corpora into the So passing the word corpora into the word net limitizer. So can you guys tell word net limitizer. So can you guys tell word net limitizer. So can you guys tell me what is the output of this one? I'll me what is the output of this one? I'll me what is the output of this one? I'll leave this up to you guys. I won't leave this up to you guys. I won't leave this up to you guys. I won't execute the sentence. Let me remove this execute the sentence. Let me remove this execute the sentence. Let me remove this sentence here. You guys tell me in the sentence here. You guys tell me in the sentence here. You guys tell me in the comments below what will be the output comments below what will be the output comments below what will be the output of the limitization of the word corpor. of the limitization of the word corpor. of the limitization of the word corpor. And what will be the output of the And what will be the output of the And what will be the output of the stemming? You guys execute that and let stemming? You guys execute that and let stemming? You guys execute that and let me know in the comment section below. me know in the comment section below. me know in the comment section below. Now let's take these words into Now let's take these words into Now let's take these words into consideration in give, giving, given and consideration in give, giving, given and consideration in give, giving, given and gave and see what is the output of the gave and see what is the output of the gave and see what is the output of the limitization. limitization. limitization. So as you can see here the limitizer has So as you can see here the limitizer has So as you can see here the limitizer has kept the words as it is and this is kept the words as it is and this is kept the words as it is and this is because we haven't assigned any poss because we haven't assigned any poss because we haven't assigned any poss tags here and hence it has assumed all tags here and hence it has assumed all tags here and hence it has assumed all the words as nouns. Now you might be the words as nouns. Now you might be the words as nouns. Now you might be wondering what are poss tags? Well, I'll wondering what are poss tags? Well, I'll wondering what are poss tags? Well, I'll tell you what are poss tags later in tell you what are poss tags later in tell you what are poss tags later in this video. So for just now let's keep this video. So for just now let's keep this video. So for just now let's keep it as simple as that. is that POS tags it as simple as that. is that POS tags it as simple as that. is that POS tags usually tell us what exactly the given usually tell us what exactly the given usually tell us what exactly the given word is. Is it a noun? Is it a verb? Or word is. Is it a noun? Is it a verb? Or word is. Is it a noun? Is it a verb? Or is it different parts of speech? is it different parts of speech? is it different parts of speech? Basically POS stands for parts of Basically POS stands for parts of Basically POS stands for parts of speech. Now do you know that there are speech. Now do you know that there are speech. Now do you know that there are several words in the English language several words in the English language several words in the English language such as I, ate, for, above, below which such as I, ate, for, above, below which such as I, ate, for, above, below which are very useful in the formation of are very useful in the formation of are very useful in the formation of sentence and without it the sentence sentence and without it the sentence sentence and without it the sentence would make any sense. But these words do would make any sense. But these words do would make any sense. But these words do not provide any help in the natural not provide any help in the natural not provide any help in the natural language processing and this list of language processing and this list of language processing and this list of words are also known as stop words. NLTK words are also known as stop words. NLTK words are also known as stop words. NLTK has its own list of stop words and you has its own list of stop words and you has its own list of stop words and you can use the same by importing it from can use the same by importing it from can use the same by importing it from the NLTK. Corpus the NLTK. Corpus the NLTK. Corpus the question arises are they helpful or the question arises are they helpful or the question arises are they helpful or not? Yes, they are helpful in the not? Yes, they are helpful in the not? Yes, they are helpful in the creation of sentences but they are not creation of sentences but they are not creation of sentences but they are not helpful in the processing of the helpful in the processing of the helpful in the processing of the language. So let's check the list of language. So let's check the list of language. So let's check the list of stop word in the NLTK. stop word in the NLTK. stop word in the NLTK. So from nltk.corus we are importing the So from nltk.corus we are importing the So from nltk.corus we are importing the stop words and if we specify what all stop words and if we specify what all stop words and if we specify what all stop words are there in the English stop words are there in the English stop words are there in the English language. Let's see. So as you can see language. Let's see. So as you can see language. Let's see. So as you can see here we have the list of all the stop here we have the list of all the stop here we have the list of all the stop words which are defined in the English words which are defined in the English words which are defined in the English language and we have 179 total number of language and we have 179 total number of language and we have 179 total number of stop words. Now as you can see here we stop words. Now as you can see here we stop words. Now as you can see here we have these words which are few, more, have these words which are few, more, have these words which are few, more, most, other, some. Now these words are most, other, some. Now these words are most, other, some. Now these words are very necessary in the formation of very necessary in the formation of very necessary in the formation of sentences. You cannot ignore these words sentences. You cannot ignore these words sentences. You cannot ignore these words but for processing these are not but for processing these are not but for processing these are not important at all. So if you remember we important at all. So if you remember we important at all. So if you remember we had the top 10 tokens from that had the top 10 tokens from that had the top 10 tokens from that particular word that is the AI paragraph particular word that is the AI paragraph particular word that is the AI paragraph I mentioned earlier which was given as F I mentioned earlier which was given as F I mentioned earlier which was given as F test top 10. Let's take that into test top 10. Let's take that into test top 10. Let's take that into consideration and see what we can see consideration and see what we can see consideration and see what we can see here is that except intelligent and here is that except intelligent and here is that except intelligent and intelligence most of the words are intelligence most of the words are intelligence most of the words are either punctuation or stop words and either punctuation or stop words and either punctuation or stop words and hence can be removed. Now we'll use the hence can be removed. Now we'll use the hence can be removed. Now we'll use the compile from the re module to create a compile from the re module to create a compile from the re module to create a string that matches any digit or special string that matches any digit or special string that matches any digit or special character and then we'll see how we can character and then we'll see how we can character and then we'll see how we can remove the stop words. So if you have a remove the stop words. So if you have a remove the stop words. So if you have a look at the output of the post look at the output of the post look at the output of the post punctuation, punctuation, punctuation, you can see there are no stop words here you can see there are no stop words here you can see there are no stop words here in the particular given output. And if in the particular given output. And if in the particular given output. And if you have a look at the output of the you have a look at the output of the you have a look at the output of the length of the post punctuation, it's 233 length of the post punctuation, it's 233 length of the post punctuation, it's 233 compared to the 273 the length of the AI compared to the 273 the length of the AI compared to the 273 the length of the AI tokens. Now this is very necessary in tokens. Now this is very necessary in tokens. Now this is very necessary in language processing as it removes the language processing as it removes the language processing as it removes the all the unnecessary words which do not all the unnecessary words which do not all the unnecessary words which do not hold any much more meaning. Now coming hold any much more meaning. Now coming hold any much more meaning. Now coming to another important topic of natural to another important topic of natural to another important topic of natural language processing and text mining or language processing and text mining or language processing and text mining or text analysis is the parts of speech. text analysis is the parts of speech. text analysis is the parts of speech. Now generally speaking the grammatical Now generally speaking the grammatical Now generally speaking the grammatical type of the word which is the verb, type of the word which is the verb, type of the word which is the verb, noun, adjective, adverb, article noun, adjective, adverb, article noun, adjective, adverb, article indicates how a word functions in the indicates how a word functions in the indicates how a word functions in the meaning as well as the grammatical meaning as well as the grammatical meaning as well as the grammatical within the sentence. Now a word can have within the sentence. Now a word can have within the sentence. Now a word can have more than one part of speech based on more than one part of speech based on more than one part of speech based on the context in which it is used. For the context in which it is used. For the context in which it is used. For example, if we take the sentence into example, if we take the sentence into example, if we take the sentence into consideration, Google something on the consideration, Google something on the consideration, Google something on the internet. Now here, Google acts as a internet. Now here, Google acts as a internet. Now here, Google acts as a verb although it is a proper noun. So as verb although it is a proper noun. So as verb although it is a proper noun. So as you can see here, we have so many types you can see here, we have so many types you can see here, we have so many types of POS tags and we have the descriptions of POS tags and we have the descriptions of POS tags and we have the descriptions of those various tags. So we have the of those various tags. So we have the of those various tags. So we have the coordinating conjunction CC, cardinal coordinating conjunction CC, cardinal coordinating conjunction CC, cardinal number CD. We have JJ as adjective, MD number CD. We have JJ as adjective, MD number CD. We have JJ as adjective, MD as modal. We have the proper noun as modal. We have the proper noun as modal. We have the proper noun singular pler. We have verbs, different singular pler. We have verbs, different singular pler. We have verbs, different types of verbs. We have interjection types of verbs. We have interjection types of verbs. We have interjection symbol. We have the Y pronoun and the Y symbol. We have the Y pronoun and the Y symbol. We have the Y pronoun and the Y adverb. Now we can use P tags as a adverb. Now we can use P tags as a adverb. Now we can use P tags as a statistical NLP task. It distinguishes statistical NLP task. It distinguishes statistical NLP task. It distinguishes the sense of the word which is very the sense of the word which is very the sense of the word which is very helpful in text realization and it is helpful in text realization and it is helpful in text realization and it is easy to evaluate as in how many tags are easy to evaluate as in how many tags are easy to evaluate as in how many tags are correct and you can also infer semantic correct and you can also infer semantic correct and you can also infer semantic information from the given text. So information from the given text. So information from the given text. So let's have a look at some of the let's have a look at some of the let's have a look at some of the examples of pos. So take the sentence examples of pos. So take the sentence examples of pos. So take the sentence the dog killed the bat. So here the is a the dog killed the bat. So here the is a the dog killed the bat. So here the is a determiner dog is a noun killed is a determiner dog is a noun killed is a determiner dog is a noun killed is a verb and again the bat are determiner verb and again the bat are determiner verb and again the bat are determiner and noun respectively. Now let's and noun respectively. Now let's and noun respectively. Now let's consider another sentence. The waiter consider another sentence. The waiter consider another sentence. The waiter cleared the plates from the table. So as cleared the plates from the table. So as cleared the plates from the table. So as you can see here all the tokens here you can see here all the tokens here you can see here all the tokens here correspond to a particular type of tag correspond to a particular type of tag correspond to a particular type of tag which is the path of speech tag. It is which is the path of speech tag. It is which is the path of speech tag. It is very helpful in text realization. Now very helpful in text realization. Now very helpful in text realization. Now let's consider a string and check how let's consider a string and check how let's consider a string and check how NLTK performs POS tagging on it. So NLTK performs POS tagging on it. So NLTK performs POS tagging on it. So let's take the sentence Timothy is a let's take the sentence Timothy is a let's take the sentence Timothy is a natural when it comes to drawing. First natural when it comes to drawing. First natural when it comes to drawing. First we are going to tokenize it. And under we are going to tokenize it. And under we are going to tokenize it. And under NLTK only we have the poss tag option. NLTK only we have the poss tag option. NLTK only we have the poss tag option. And we'll pass all the tokens here. So And we'll pass all the tokens here. So And we'll pass all the tokens here. So as you can see we have Timothy as noun as you can see we have Timothy as noun as you can see we have Timothy as noun is a verb or as a determiner natural as is a verb or as a determiner natural as is a verb or as a determiner natural as an adjective when as a verb it as a an adjective when as a verb it as a an adjective when as a verb it as a preposition comes as a verb to as a to preposition comes as a verb to as a to preposition comes as a verb to as a to and drawing as a verb again. So this is and drawing as a verb again. So this is and drawing as a verb again. So this is how you define the poss tags. how you define the poss tags. how you define the poss tags. The poss tag function does all the work The poss tag function does all the work The poss tag function does all the work here. Now let's take another example here. Now let's take another example here. Now let's take another example here. John is eating a delicious cake. here. John is eating a delicious cake. here. John is eating a delicious cake. And let's see what's the output of this And let's see what's the output of this And let's see what's the output of this one. Now here you can see that the one. Now here you can see that the one. Now here you can see that the tagger has tagged both the word is and tagger has tagged both the word is and tagger has tagged both the word is and eating as a verb because it has eating as a verb because it has eating as a verb because it has considered is eating as a single term. considered is eating as a single term. considered is eating as a single term. This is one of the few shortcomings of This is one of the few shortcomings of This is one of the few shortcomings of the POS taggers. One thing important to the POS taggers. One thing important to the POS taggers. One thing important to keep in mind. Now after poss taggings keep in mind. Now after poss taggings keep in mind. Now after poss taggings there is another important topic which there is another important topic which there is another important topic which is the named entity recognition. So what is the named entity recognition. So what is the named entity recognition. So what does it mean? Now the process of does it mean? Now the process of does it mean? Now the process of detecting the named entities such as the detecting the named entities such as the detecting the named entities such as the person name, the location name, the person name, the location name, the person name, the location name, the company name, the organization, the company name, the organization, the company name, the organization, the quantities and the monetary value is quantities and the monetary value is quantities and the monetary value is called the named entity recognition. Now called the named entity recognition. Now called the named entity recognition. Now under named entity recognition, we have under named entity recognition, we have under named entity recognition, we have three types of identification. Here we three types of identification. Here we three types of identification. Here we have the nonphrase identification. Now have the nonphrase identification. Now have the nonphrase identification. Now this step deals with extracting all the this step deals with extracting all the this step deals with extracting all the noun phrases from a text using noun phrases from a text using noun phrases from a text using dependency passing and parts of speech dependency passing and parts of speech dependency passing and parts of speech tagging. Then we have the phrase tagging. Then we have the phrase tagging. Then we have the phrase classification. The step classification. classification. The step classification. classification. The step classification. This is the classification step in which This is the classification step in which This is the classification step in which all the extracted noun phrases are all the extracted noun phrases are all the extracted noun phrases are classified into respective categories classified into respective categories classified into respective categories which are the location, names, which are the location, names, which are the location, names, organization and much more. And apart organization and much more. And apart organization and much more. And apart from this, one can curate the lookup from this, one can curate the lookup from this, one can curate the lookup tables and dictionaries by combining tables and dictionaries by combining tables and dictionaries by combining information from different sources. And information from different sources. And information from different sources. And finally we have the entity finally we have the entity finally we have the entity disambiguation. Now sometimes it is disambiguation. Now sometimes it is disambiguation. Now sometimes it is possible that the entities are possible that the entities are possible that the entities are mclassified. Hence creating a validation mclassified. Hence creating a validation mclassified. Hence creating a validation layer on top of the result is very layer on top of the result is very layer on top of the result is very useful and the use of knowledge graphs useful and the use of knowledge graphs useful and the use of knowledge graphs can be exploited for this purpose. Now can be exploited for this purpose. Now can be exploited for this purpose. Now the popular knowledge graphs are Google the popular knowledge graphs are Google the popular knowledge graphs are Google knowledge graph, the IBM Watson and knowledge graph, the IBM Watson and knowledge graph, the IBM Watson and Wikipedia. Wikipedia. Wikipedia. So let's take a sentence into So let's take a sentence into So let's take a sentence into consideration that the Google CEO Sunda consideration that the Google CEO Sunda consideration that the Google CEO Sunda Pichai introduced the new pixel at Pichai introduced the new pixel at Pichai introduced the new pixel at Minnesota Roy Center event. So as you Minnesota Roy Center event. So as you Minnesota Roy Center event. So as you can see here Google is an organization, can see here Google is an organization, can see here Google is an organization, Sunda Pichai as a person, Minnesota is a Sunda Pichai as a person, Minnesota is a Sunda Pichai as a person, Minnesota is a location and the Roy center event is location and the Roy center event is location and the Roy center event is also tagged as an organization. Now for also tagged as an organization. Now for also tagged as an organization. Now for using neer in Python we'll have to using neer in Python we'll have to using neer in Python we'll have to import the NE chunk from the NLTK module import the NE chunk from the NLTK module import the NE chunk from the NLTK module which is present in Python. So let's which is present in Python. So let's which is present in Python. So let's consider a text data here and see how we consider a text data here and see how we consider a text data here and see how we can perform the NE using the NLTK can perform the NE using the NLTK can perform the NE using the NLTK library. So first we need to import the library. So first we need to import the library. So first we need to import the NE chunk here. Let's consider the NE chunk here. Let's consider the NE chunk here. Let's consider the sentence here. We have the US president sentence here. We have the US president sentence here. We have the US president stays in the white house. So we need to stays in the white house. So we need to stays in the white house. So we need to do all these processes again. We need to do all these processes again. We need to do all these processes again. We need to tokenize the sentence first and then add tokenize the sentence first and then add tokenize the sentence first and then add the POS tax. And then if we use the any the POS tax. And then if we use the any the POS tax. And then if we use the any chunk function and pass the list of chunk function and pass the list of chunk function and pass the list of tpples containing POS tax to it. Let's tpples containing POS tax to it. Let's tpples containing POS tax to it. Let's see the output. So as you can see the US see the output. So as you can see the US see the output. So as you can see the US here is recognized as an organization here is recognized as an organization here is recognized as an organization and white house is clubed together as a and white house is clubed together as a and white house is clubed together as a single entity and is recognized as a single entity and is recognized as a single entity and is recognized as a facility. Now this is only possible facility. Now this is only possible facility. Now this is only possible because of the poss tagging. Without the because of the poss tagging. Without the because of the poss tagging. Without the PS tagging it would be very hard to PS tagging it would be very hard to PS tagging it would be very hard to detect the named entities of the given detect the named entities of the given detect the named entities of the given tokens. tokens. tokens. Now that we have understood what are Now that we have understood what are Now that we have understood what are named engineary recognition any let's go named engineary recognition any let's go named engineary recognition any let's go ahead and understand one of the most ahead and understand one of the most ahead and understand one of the most important topic in NLP and text mining important topic in NLP and text mining important topic in NLP and text mining which is the syntax. which is the syntax. which is the syntax. So what is a syntax? So what is a syntax? So what is a syntax? So in linguistics syntax is the set of So in linguistics syntax is the set of So in linguistics syntax is the set of rules principle and the processes that rules principle and the processes that rules principle and the processes that govern the structure of a given sentence govern the structure of a given sentence govern the structure of a given sentence in a given language. The term syntax is in a given language. The term syntax is in a given language. The term syntax is also used to refer to the study of such also used to refer to the study of such also used to refer to the study of such principles and processes. So what we principles and processes. So what we principles and processes. So what we have here are certain rules as to what have here are certain rules as to what have here are certain rules as to what part of the sentence should come at what part of the sentence should come at what part of the sentence should come at what position. With these rules, one can position. With these rules, one can position. With these rules, one can create a syntax tree whenever there is a create a syntax tree whenever there is a create a syntax tree whenever there is a sentence input. Now syntax tree in sentence input. Now syntax tree in sentence input. Now syntax tree in layman terms is basically a tree layman terms is basically a tree layman terms is basically a tree representation of the syntactic representation of the syntactic representation of the syntactic structure of the sentence of the structure of the sentence of the structure of the sentence of the strings. It is a way of representing the strings. It is a way of representing the strings. It is a way of representing the syntax of a programming language as a syntax of a programming language as a syntax of a programming language as a hierarchical tree structure. This hierarchical tree structure. This hierarchical tree structure. This structure is used for generating symbol structure is used for generating symbol structure is used for generating symbol tables for compilers and later code tables for compilers and later code tables for compilers and later code generation. The T represents all the generation. The T represents all the generation. The T represents all the constructs in the language and their constructs in the language and their constructs in the language and their subsequent rules. So let's consider the subsequent rules. So let's consider the subsequent rules. So let's consider the statement the cat sat on the mat. So as statement the cat sat on the mat. So as statement the cat sat on the mat. So as you can see here the input is a sentence you can see here the input is a sentence you can see here the input is a sentence or a w phrase and it has been classified or a w phrase and it has been classified or a w phrase and it has been classified into non-phrase. Then the prepositional into non-phrase. Then the prepositional into non-phrase. Then the prepositional phrase again the noun phrase is phrase again the noun phrase is phrase again the noun phrase is classified into article and noun and classified into article and noun and classified into article and noun and again we have the verb which is sat. And again we have the verb which is sat. And again we have the verb which is sat. And finally we have the preposition on the finally we have the preposition on the finally we have the preposition on the article and the noun which are the and article and the noun which are the and article and the noun which are the and matt. Now in order to render syntax matt. Now in order to render syntax matt. Now in order to render syntax trees in our notebook you need to trees in our notebook you need to trees in our notebook you need to install the ghost strip which is a install the ghost strip which is a install the ghost strip which is a rendering engine. Now this takes a lot rendering engine. Now this takes a lot rendering engine. Now this takes a lot of time and let me show you from where of time and let me show you from where of time and let me show you from where you can download the ghost script. Just you can download the ghost script. Just you can download the ghost script. Just type in download ghost script and type in download ghost script and type in download ghost script and select the latest version here. select the latest version here. select the latest version here. So as you can see we have two types of So as you can see we have two types of So as you can see we have two types of license here. We have the general public license here. We have the general public license here. We have the general public license and the commercial license as license and the commercial license as license and the commercial license as creating syntax and following it is a creating syntax and following it is a creating syntax and following it is a very important part. It is also very important part. It is also very important part. It is also available for commercial license and it available for commercial license and it available for commercial license and it is very useful. So I'm not going to go is very useful. So I'm not going to go is very useful. So I'm not going to go much deeper into what syntax tree is and much deeper into what syntax tree is and much deeper into what syntax tree is and how we can do that. So now that we have how we can do that. So now that we have how we can do that. So now that we have understood what are syntax trees, let's understood what are syntax trees, let's understood what are syntax trees, let's discuss the important concept with discuss the important concept with discuss the important concept with respect to analyzing the sentence respect to analyzing the sentence respect to analyzing the sentence structure which is chunking. So chunking structure which is chunking. So chunking structure which is chunking. So chunking basically means picking up individual basically means picking up individual basically means picking up individual pieces of information and grouping them pieces of information and grouping them pieces of information and grouping them into bigger pieces. And these bigger into bigger pieces. And these bigger into bigger pieces. And these bigger pieces are also known as chunks. In the pieces are also known as chunks. In the pieces are also known as chunks. In the context of NLP and text mining, chunking context of NLP and text mining, chunking context of NLP and text mining, chunking means grouping of words or tokens into means grouping of words or tokens into means grouping of words or tokens into chunks. So let's have a look at the chunks. So let's have a look at the chunks. So let's have a look at the example here. So the sentence into example here. So the sentence into example here. So the sentence into consideration here is we caught the consideration here is we caught the consideration here is we caught the black panther. V is the preposition. black panther. V is the preposition. black panther. V is the preposition. Caught is a verb. The determiner black Caught is a verb. The determiner black Caught is a verb. The determiner black is an adjective and panther is a noun. is an adjective and panther is a noun. is an adjective and panther is a noun. So what it has done is here as you can So what it has done is here as you can So what it has done is here as you can see is that pink which is an adjective, see is that pink which is an adjective, see is that pink which is an adjective, panther which is a noun and the is a panther which is a noun and the is a panther which is a noun and the is a determiner are chunked together in the determiner are chunked together in the determiner are chunked together in the noun phrase. noun phrase. noun phrase. So let's go ahead and see how we can So let's go ahead and see how we can So let's go ahead and see how we can implement chunking using the NLTK. implement chunking using the NLTK. implement chunking using the NLTK. So let's take the sentence the big cat So let's take the sentence the big cat So let's take the sentence the big cat ate little mouse who was after the fresh ate little mouse who was after the fresh ate little mouse who was after the fresh cheese. We'll use the POS tax here and cheese. We'll use the POS tax here and cheese. We'll use the POS tax here and also use the tokenizing function here. also use the tokenizing function here. also use the tokenizing function here. So as you can see here we have the So as you can see here we have the So as you can see here we have the tokens and we have the PS tags. What tokens and we have the PS tags. What tokens and we have the PS tags. What we'll do now is create a grammar from a we'll do now is create a grammar from a we'll do now is create a grammar from a noun phrase and we'll mention the tags noun phrase and we'll mention the tags noun phrase and we'll mention the tags that we want in our chunk phrase within that we want in our chunk phrase within that we want in our chunk phrase within the curly braces. So that will be our the curly braces. So that will be our the curly braces. So that will be our grammar np. grammar np. grammar np. Now here we have created a regular Now here we have created a regular Now here we have created a regular expression matching string. Now we'll expression matching string. Now we'll expression matching string. Now we'll now have to pass the chunk and hence now have to pass the chunk and hence now have to pass the chunk and hence we'll create a chunk pass and pass our we'll create a chunk pass and pass our we'll create a chunk pass and pass our non-phrase string to it. So as you can non-phrase string to it. So as you can non-phrase string to it. So as you can see we have a certain error and let me see we have a certain error and let me see we have a certain error and let me tell you why this error occurred. So tell you why this error occurred. So tell you why this error occurred. So this error occurred because we did not this error occurred because we did not this error occurred because we did not use the go script and we do not form the use the go script and we do not form the use the go script and we do not form the syntactical tree. But in the final syntactical tree. But in the final syntactical tree. But in the final output we have a tree tree structure output we have a tree tree structure output we have a tree tree structure here which is not exactly in the here which is not exactly in the here which is not exactly in the visualization part but it's there. So as visualization part but it's there. So as visualization part but it's there. So as you can see here we have the NP noun you can see here we have the NP noun you can see here we have the NP noun phrase for the little mouse. Again we phrase for the little mouse. Again we phrase for the little mouse. Again we have the noun phrase for fresh cheese have the noun phrase for fresh cheese have the noun phrase for fresh cheese also. also. also. Although fresh is an adjective and Although fresh is an adjective and Although fresh is an adjective and cheese is a noun, it has considered a cheese is a noun, it has considered a cheese is a noun, it has considered a noun phrase of these two words. So this noun phrase of these two words. So this noun phrase of these two words. So this is how you execute chunking in NLTK is how you execute chunking in NLTK is how you execute chunking in NLTK library. So by now we have learned library. So by now we have learned library. So by now we have learned almost all the important steps in text almost all the important steps in text almost all the important steps in text processing and let's apply them all in processing and let's apply them all in processing and let's apply them all in building a machine learning classifier building a machine learning classifier building a machine learning classifier on the movie reviews from the NLTK on the movie reviews from the NLTK on the movie reviews from the NLTK corpora. corpora. corpora. So for that first let me import all the So for that first let me import all the So for that first let me import all the libraries libraries libraries which are the pandas, the numpy library. which are the pandas, the numpy library. which are the pandas, the numpy library. Now these are the basic libraries needed Now these are the basic libraries needed Now these are the basic libraries needed in any machine learning algorithm. in any machine learning algorithm. in any machine learning algorithm. We are also importing the count We are also importing the count We are also importing the count vectorzer. I'll tell you why it is used vectorzer. I'll tell you why it is used vectorzer. I'll tell you why it is used later. Now let's just import it for now. later. Now let's just import it for now. later. Now let's just import it for now. So again if we have a look at the So again if we have a look at the So again if we have a look at the different elements of the corpora as we different elements of the corpora as we different elements of the corpora as we saw earlier in the beginning of our saw earlier in the beginning of our saw earlier in the beginning of our session we have so many files in the session we have so many files in the session we have so many files in the given NLTK corpora. Now let's now access given NLTK corpora. Now let's now access given NLTK corpora. Now let's now access the movie reviews corporas under the the movie reviews corporas under the the movie reviews corporas under the NLTK corpora. As you can see here we NLTK corpora. As you can see here we NLTK corpora. As you can see here we have the movie reviews. So for that we have the movie reviews. So for that we have the movie reviews. So for that we are going to import the movie reviews are going to import the movie reviews are going to import the movie reviews from the NLTK corpus. So if you have a from the NLTK corpus. So if you have a from the NLTK corpus. So if you have a look at the different categories of the look at the different categories of the look at the different categories of the movie reviews we have two categories movie reviews we have two categories movie reviews we have two categories which are the negative and the positive. which are the negative and the positive. which are the negative and the positive. So if you have a look at the positive we So if you have a look at the positive we So if you have a look at the positive we can see we have so many text files here. can see we have so many text files here. can see we have so many text files here. Similarly if we have a look at the Similarly if we have a look at the Similarly if we have a look at the negative we have thousand negative files negative we have thousand negative files negative we have thousand negative files also here which have the negative also here which have the negative also here which have the negative feedbacks. So let's take a particular feedbacks. So let's take a particular feedbacks. So let's take a particular positive one into consideration which is positive one into consideration which is positive one into consideration which is the cv0029590. the cv0029590. the cv0029590. You can take any one of the files here You can take any one of the files here You can take any one of the files here doesn't matter. Now the above doesn't matter. Now the above doesn't matter. Now the above tokenization as you can see here the tokenization as you can see here the tokenization as you can see here the file is already tokenized but it is file is already tokenized but it is file is already tokenized but it is generally useful for us to do the generally useful for us to do the generally useful for us to do the tokenization but the above tokenization tokenization but the above tokenization tokenization but the above tokenization has increased our work here and in order has increased our work here and in order has increased our work here and in order to use the count vectorzer and the TF to use the count vectorzer and the TF to use the count vectorzer and the TF IDF we must pass the strings instead of IDF we must pass the strings instead of IDF we must pass the strings instead of the tokens. Now in order to convert the the tokens. Now in order to convert the the tokens. Now in order to convert the strings into token we can use the D strings into token we can use the D strings into token we can use the D tokenizer within the NLTK but uh that tokenizer within the NLTK but uh that tokenizer within the NLTK but uh that has some licensing issues as of now with has some licensing issues as of now with has some licensing issues as of now with the with the environment. So instead of the with the environment. So instead of the with the environment. So instead of that we can also use the join method to that we can also use the join method to that we can also use the join method to join all the tokens of the list into a join all the tokens of the list into a join all the tokens of the list into a single string and that's what we are single string and that's what we are single string and that's what we are going to use here. So first we are going going to use here. So first we are going going to use here. So first we are going to create an empty list and append all to create an empty list and append all to create an empty list and append all the tokens within it. We have the review the tokens within it. We have the review the tokens within it. We have the review list that is an empty list. Now what we list that is an empty list. Now what we list that is an empty list. Now what we are going to do here is remove all the are going to do here is remove all the are going to do here is remove all the extra spaces the commas from the list extra spaces the commas from the list extra spaces the commas from the list while appending it to the empty list and while appending it to the empty list and while appending it to the empty list and perform the same for the positive and perform the same for the positive and perform the same for the positive and the negative reviews. So this one we are the negative reviews. So this one we are the negative reviews. So this one we are doing it for the negative reviews and doing it for the negative reviews and doing it for the negative reviews and then we'll do the same for the positive then we'll do the same for the positive then we'll do the same for the positive reviews as well. So if you have a look reviews as well. So if you have a look reviews as well. So if you have a look at the length of this negative review at the length of this negative review at the length of this negative review list, it's 1,000. And the moment we add list, it's 1,000. And the moment we add list, it's 1,000. And the moment we add the positive reviews also, I think the the positive reviews also, I think the the positive reviews also, I think the length should reach 2,000. length should reach 2,000. length should reach 2,000. So let me just define the positive So let me just define the positive So let me just define the positive reviews. reviews. reviews. Now execute the same for positive Now execute the same for positive Now execute the same for positive reviews. And then again if you have a reviews. And then again if you have a reviews. And then again if you have a look at the length of the review list, look at the length of the review list, look at the length of the review list, it should be 2,000. That is good. Now it should be 2,000. That is good. Now it should be 2,000. That is good. Now let us now create the targets. before let us now create the targets. before let us now create the targets. before creating the f features for our creating the f features for our creating the f features for our classifiers. classifiers. classifiers. So while creating the targets we are So while creating the targets we are So while creating the targets we are using the negative reviews here we are using the negative reviews here we are using the negative reviews here we are denoting it as zero and for the positive denoting it as zero and for the positive denoting it as zero and for the positive reviews we are converting it into one reviews we are converting it into one reviews we are converting it into one and also we will create an empty list and also we will create an empty list and also we will create an empty list and we'll add 1 th00and zeros followed and we'll add 1 th00and zeros followed and we'll add 1 th00and zeros followed by th00and ones into the empty list. by th00and ones into the empty list. by th00and ones into the empty list. Now we'll create uh panda series for the Now we'll create uh panda series for the Now we'll create uh panda series for the target list. Now the type of Y must target list. Now the type of Y must target list. Now the type of Y must result into a panda series. So if you result into a panda series. So if you result into a panda series. So if you have a look at the output of the type of have a look at the output of the type of have a look at the output of the type of Y, it is pandas.code or series. That is Y, it is pandas.code or series. That is Y, it is pandas.code or series. That is good. Now let's have a look at the first good. Now let's have a look at the first good. Now let's have a look at the first five entries of the series. five entries of the series. five entries of the series. So as you can see it is th00and zeros So as you can see it is th00and zeros So as you can see it is th00and zeros which were followed by th00and ones. So which were followed by th00and ones. So which were followed by th00and ones. So the first five inputs are all zeros. Now the first five inputs are all zeros. Now the first five inputs are all zeros. Now we can start creating features using the we can start creating features using the we can start creating features using the count vectorzer or the bag of words. For count vectorzer or the bag of words. For count vectorzer or the bag of words. For that we need to import the count that we need to import the count that we need to import the count vectorzer. Now once we have initialized vectorzer. Now once we have initialized vectorzer. Now once we have initialized the vectorzer now we need to fit it onto the vectorzer now we need to fit it onto the vectorzer now we need to fit it onto the rev list. Now let us now have a look the rev list. Now let us now have a look the rev list. Now let us now have a look at the dimensions of this particular at the dimensions of this particular at the dimensions of this particular vector. So as you can see it's 2,000 by vector. So as you can see it's 2,000 by vector. So as you can see it's 2,000 by 16,228. 16,228. 16,228. Now we are going to create a list with Now we are going to create a list with Now we are going to create a list with the names of all the features by typing the names of all the features by typing the names of all the features by typing the vectorzer name. So as you can see the vectorzer name. So as you can see the vectorzer name. So as you can see here we have our list. Now what we'll do here we have our list. Now what we'll do here we have our list. Now what we'll do is we'll create a pandas data frame by is we'll create a pandas data frame by is we'll create a pandas data frame by passing the sci matrix as values and passing the sci matrix as values and passing the sci matrix as values and feature names as the column names. Now feature names as the column names. Now feature names as the column names. Now let us now check the dimension of this let us now check the dimension of this let us now check the dimension of this particular pandas data frame. So as you particular pandas data frame. So as you particular pandas data frame. So as you can see it's the same dimension 200 by can see it's the same dimension 200 by can see it's the same dimension 200 by 16,228. 16,228. 16,228. Now if we have a look at the top five Now if we have a look at the top five Now if we have a look at the top five rows of the data frame. So as you can rows of the data frame. So as you can rows of the data frame. So as you can see here we have 16,228 see here we have 16,228 see here we have 16,228 columns with five rows and all the columns with five rows and all the columns with five rows and all the inputs are here zero. Now the data frame inputs are here zero. Now the data frame inputs are here zero. Now the data frame we are going to do is now split it into we are going to do is now split it into we are going to do is now split it into training and testing sets and let us now training and testing sets and let us now training and testing sets and let us now examine the training and the test sets examine the training and the test sets examine the training and the test sets as well. So as you can see the size here as well. So as you can see the size here as well. So as you can see the size here we have defined as 0.25 we have defined as 0.25 we have defined as 0.25 that is the test set that is 25% the that is the test set that is 25% the that is the test set that is 25% the training set will have the 75% of the training set will have the 75% of the training set will have the 75% of the particular data frame. So if you have a particular data frame. So if you have a particular data frame. So if you have a look at the shape of the X train, we look at the shape of the X train, we look at the shape of the X train, we have 15,000. have 15,000. have 15,000. And if you have a look at the dimension And if you have a look at the dimension And if you have a look at the dimension of X test, this is 5,000. of X test, this is 5,000. of X test, this is 5,000. So now our data is split. Now we'll use So now our data is split. Now we'll use So now our data is split. Now we'll use the nave bias classifier for text the nave bias classifier for text the nave bias classifier for text classification over the training and classification over the training and classification over the training and testing sets. testing sets. testing sets. So now most of you guys might already be So now most of you guys might already be So now most of you guys might already be aware of what a nave bi classifier is. aware of what a nave bi classifier is. aware of what a nave bi classifier is. So it is basically a classification So it is basically a classification So it is basically a classification technique based on the base theorem with technique based on the base theorem with technique based on the base theorem with an assumption of independence among an assumption of independence among an assumption of independence among predictors. In simple terms, a nave bi predictors. In simple terms, a nave bi predictors. In simple terms, a nave bi classifier assumes that the presence of classifier assumes that the presence of classifier assumes that the presence of a particular feature in a class is a particular feature in a class is a particular feature in a class is unrelated to the presence of any other unrelated to the presence of any other unrelated to the presence of any other feature. To know more, you can watch our feature. To know more, you can watch our feature. To know more, you can watch our nave bi classifier video the link to nave bi classifier video the link to nave bi classifier video the link to which is given in the description box which is given in the description box which is given in the description box below. If you want to pause at this below. If you want to pause at this below. If you want to pause at this moment of time and check quickly what a moment of time and check quickly what a moment of time and check quickly what a neclassifier does and how it works, you neclassifier does and how it works, you neclassifier does and how it works, you can check that video and come back here. can check that video and come back here. can check that video and come back here. Now to implement nave bias algorithm in Now to implement nave bias algorithm in Now to implement nave bias algorithm in python we'll use the following library python we'll use the following library python we'll use the following library and the functions. We are going to and the functions. We are going to and the functions. We are going to import the goshian nb from sklearn import the goshian nb from sklearn import the goshian nb from sklearn library which is a scikitlearn. We are library which is a scikitlearn. We are library which is a scikitlearn. We are going to instantiate the classifier now going to instantiate the classifier now going to instantiate the classifier now and fit the classifier with the training and fit the classifier with the training and fit the classifier with the training features and the labels. features and the labels. features and the labels. We are also going to import the We are also going to import the We are also going to import the multinnomial nave bias because we do not multinnomial nave bias because we do not multinnomial nave bias because we do not have only two features here. We have the have only two features here. We have the have only two features here. We have the multinnomial features. So now we have multinnomial features. So now we have multinnomial features. So now we have passed the training and the test data passed the training and the test data passed the training and the test data set to this particular multinnomial navy set to this particular multinnomial navy set to this particular multinnomial navy bias and then we will use the predict bias and then we will use the predict bias and then we will use the predict function and pass the training features. function and pass the training features. function and pass the training features. Now let's have a look and check the Now let's have a look and check the Now let's have a look and check the accuracy of this particular metrics. So accuracy of this particular metrics. So accuracy of this particular metrics. So as you can see here the accuracy here is as you can see here the accuracy here is as you can see here the accuracy here is one that is very highly unlikely but one that is very highly unlikely but one that is very highly unlikely but since it has given one that means it is since it has given one that means it is since it has given one that means it is overfitting and it is overly accurate. overfitting and it is overly accurate. overfitting and it is overly accurate. And you can also check the confusion And you can also check the confusion And you can also check the confusion matrix for the same. For that what you matrix for the same. For that what you matrix for the same. For that what you need to do is use the confusion matrix need to do is use the confusion matrix need to do is use the confusion matrix on these variables which is y test and y on these variables which is y test and y on these variables which is y test and y predicted. So as you can see here predicted. So as you can see here predicted. So as you can see here although it has predicted 100% accuracy although it has predicted 100% accuracy although it has predicted 100% accuracy the accuracy is one. This is very highly the accuracy is one. This is very highly the accuracy is one. This is very highly unlikely and you might have got a unlikely and you might have got a unlikely and you might have got a different output for this one. I've got different output for this one. I've got different output for this one. I've got the output here as 1.0. You might have the output here as 1.0. You might have the output here as 1.0. You might have got an output as 0.6 0.7 or any number got an output as 0.6 0.7 or any number got an output as 0.6 0.7 or any number in between 0 and 1. [music] Now the degree of inflection may be Now the degree of inflection may be Now the degree of inflection may be higher or lower in a language. As you higher or lower in a language. As you higher or lower in a language. As you have read the definition of inflection have read the definition of inflection have read the definition of inflection with respect to grammar, you can with respect to grammar, you can with respect to grammar, you can understand that an inflected word will understand that an inflected word will understand that an inflected word will have a common root form. Stemming and have a common root form. Stemming and have a common root form. Stemming and leatization have been studied and leatization have been studied and leatization have been studied and algorithms have been developed in algorithms have been developed in algorithms have been developed in computer science since the 1960s. In computer science since the 1960s. In computer science since the 1960s. In this video, you will learn about this video, you will learn about this video, you will learn about stemming and leatization in a practical stemming and leatization in a practical stemming and leatization in a practical approach covering the background, some approach covering the background, some approach covering the background, some famous algorithms, applications of famous algorithms, applications of famous algorithms, applications of stemming and leatization and how to stem stemming and leatization and how to stem stemming and leatization and how to stem and lemitize words, sentences and and lemitize words, sentences and and lemitize words, sentences and documents using the Python NLTK package documents using the Python NLTK package documents using the Python NLTK package which is the natural language toolkit which is the natural language toolkit which is the natural language toolkit package provided by Python for natural package provided by Python for natural package provided by Python for natural language processing tasks. Now, stemming language processing tasks. Now, stemming language processing tasks. Now, stemming and lematization are text normalization and lematization are text normalization and lematization are text normalization techniques in the field of natural techniques in the field of natural techniques in the field of natural language processing that are used to language processing that are used to language processing that are used to prepare text, words and documents for prepare text, words and documents for prepare text, words and documents for further processing and these are widely further processing and these are widely further processing and these are widely used in tagging systems, indexing, SEO, used in tagging systems, indexing, SEO, used in tagging systems, indexing, SEO, web search results and information web search results and information web search results and information retrieval. Now, for example, searching retrieval. Now, for example, searching retrieval. Now, for example, searching for the word miss on Google will also for the word miss on Google will also for the word miss on Google will also result in Mrs. missing as miss is result in Mrs. missing as miss is result in Mrs. missing as miss is basically the stem of both these words. basically the stem of both these words. basically the stem of both these words. So let's start with stemming. Now So let's start with stemming. Now So let's start with stemming. Now stemming is the process of reducing stemming is the process of reducing stemming is the process of reducing inflection in words to their root forms inflection in words to their root forms inflection in words to their root forms such as mapping a group of words to the such as mapping a group of words to the such as mapping a group of words to the same stem even if the stem itself is not same stem even if the stem itself is not same stem even if the stem itself is not a valid word in the language. Now there a valid word in the language. Now there a valid word in the language. Now there are English and non-English stem are English and non-English stem are English and non-English stem available in NLTK package. Now for the available in NLTK package. Now for the available in NLTK package. Now for the English language you can choose between English language you can choose between English language you can choose between Porter STEM and Lancaster stemmer. Porter STEM and Lancaster stemmer. Porter STEM and Lancaster stemmer. Porter stemer being the oldest one Porter stemer being the oldest one Porter stemer being the oldest one originally developed in 1979. Lancaster originally developed in 1979. Lancaster originally developed in 1979. Lancaster stemer was developed in 1990 and uses a stemer was developed in 1990 and uses a stemer was developed in 1990 and uses a more aggressive approach than porter more aggressive approach than porter more aggressive approach than porter stemming algorithm. So let's try out the stemming algorithm. So let's try out the stemming algorithm. So let's try out the porter stemer to stem words and along porter stemer to stem words and along porter stemer to stem words and along with it you will see how it is stemming with it you will see how it is stemming with it you will see how it is stemming the words. So this is how the code for the words. So this is how the code for the words. So this is how the code for porter stemer works. Now pa stemer uses porter stemer works. Now pa stemer uses porter stemer works. Now pa stemer uses suffix stripping to produce stems. Per suffix stripping to produce stems. Per suffix stripping to produce stems. Per stemma algorithm does not follow stemma algorithm does not follow stemma algorithm does not follow linguistics rather a set of five rules linguistics rather a set of five rules linguistics rather a set of five rules for different cases that are applied in for different cases that are applied in for different cases that are applied in phases to generate stems. Now this is phases to generate stems. Now this is phases to generate stems. Now this is the reason why porter stemer does not the reason why porter stemer does not the reason why porter stemer does not often generate stems that are actual often generate stems that are actual often generate stems that are actual English words. Now it does not keep a English words. Now it does not keep a English words. Now it does not keep a lookup table for actual stems of the lookup table for actual stems of the lookup table for actual stems of the word but applies algorithmic rules to word but applies algorithmic rules to word but applies algorithmic rules to generate stems. It also uses the rules generate stems. It also uses the rules generate stems. It also uses the rules to decide whether it is wise to strip a to decide whether it is wise to strip a to decide whether it is wise to strip a suffix. Now one can generate its own set suffix. Now one can generate its own set suffix. Now one can generate its own set of rules for any language. That is why of rules for any language. That is why of rules for any language. That is why Python NLTK introduced snowball stemmers Python NLTK introduced snowball stemmers Python NLTK introduced snowball stemmers that are used to create non-English that are used to create non-English that are used to create non-English stemmers. So why do we use it now? stemmers. So why do we use it now? stemmers. So why do we use it now? Porter stemer is known for its Porter stemer is known for its Porter stemer is known for its simplicity and speed. It is commonly simplicity and speed. It is commonly simplicity and speed. It is commonly useful in information retrieval useful in information retrieval useful in information retrieval environments known as IR environments environments known as IR environments environments known as IR environments for fast recall and fetching of search for fast recall and fetching of search for fast recall and fetching of search queries such as for words like queries such as for words like queries such as for words like connections, connected, connecting or connections, connected, connecting or connections, connected, connecting or connection. All of these words mean connection. All of these words mean connection. All of these words mean connect. Now the Lancaster stemmer is an connect. Now the Lancaster stemmer is an connect. Now the Lancaster stemmer is an iterative algorithm with rules saved iterative algorithm with rules saved iterative algorithm with rules saved externally. Lancaster stemer is simple externally. Lancaster stemer is simple externally. Lancaster stemer is simple but heavy stemming due to iterations and but heavy stemming due to iterations and but heavy stemming due to iterations and over stemming may occur. Now over over stemming may occur. Now over over stemming may occur. Now over stemming causes the stems to be not stemming causes the stems to be not stemming causes the stems to be not linguistic or they may have no meaning linguistic or they may have no meaning linguistic or they may have no meaning at all. So now let's have a look at the at all. So now let's have a look at the at all. So now let's have a look at the Lancaster stemmer code. For example in Lancaster stemmer code. For example in Lancaster stemmer code. For example in above code destabilized is stemmed to above code destabilized is stemmed to above code destabilized is stemmed to deesdor stemer destable. Now Lancaster stemer stemer destable. Now Lancaster stemer stemer destable. Now Lancaster stemer produces an even shorter stem than produces an even shorter stem than produces an even shorter stem than porter because of iterations and over porter because of iterations and over porter because of iterations and over stemming is occurred. So you can stem stemming is occurred. So you can stem stemming is occurred. So you can stem sentences and documents using NLTK sentences and documents using NLTK sentences and documents using NLTK stemmers using the following code. So as stemmers using the following code. So as stemmers using the following code. So as you see the stemmer sees the entire you see the stemmer sees the entire you see the stemmer sees the entire sentence as a word. So it runs it as it sentence as a word. So it runs it as it sentence as a word. So it runs it as it is. Now we need to stem each word in the is. Now we need to stem each word in the is. Now we need to stem each word in the sentence and return a combined sentence. sentence and return a combined sentence. sentence and return a combined sentence. Now to separate the sentence into words, Now to separate the sentence into words, Now to separate the sentence into words, you can use tokenizer. The NLTK you can use tokenizer. The NLTK you can use tokenizer. The NLTK tokenizer separates the sentence into tokenizer separates the sentence into tokenizer separates the sentence into words. So let's see how it's done. Now to stem a document we need to do the Now to stem a document we need to do the Now to stem a document we need to do the following steps. First we have to take a following steps. First we have to take a following steps. First we have to take a document as the input. Next we have to document as the input. Next we have to document as the input. Next we have to read the document line by line and then read the document line by line and then read the document line by line and then tokenize the line. Next we have to stem tokenize the line. Next we have to stem tokenize the line. Next we have to stem the words and finally we will output the the words and finally we will output the the words and finally we will output the stemmed words. So let's do some coding stemmed words. So let's do some coding stemmed words. So let's do some coding now. Open a file that is any text file. now. Open a file that is any text file. now. Open a file that is any text file. So I have a text file named deep So I have a text file named deep So I have a text file named deep learning and you have to provide your learning and you have to provide your learning and you have to provide your complete file path in open command of complete file path in open command of complete file path in open command of Python if it is stored in any other Python if it is stored in any other Python if it is stored in any other directory. Now you can see the content directory. Now you can see the content directory. Now you can see the content of the file using the dot read method of the file using the dot read method of the file using the dot read method algether. Now you can maintain the lines algether. Now you can maintain the lines algether. Now you can maintain the lines in a file in a Python list using read in a file in a Python list using read in a file in a Python list using read lines method. You can now access each lines method. You can now access each lines method. You can now access each line and use the tokenize stem sentence line and use the tokenize stem sentence line and use the tokenize stem sentence function that you created before to function that you created before to function that you created before to tokenize and stem the line. Now you can tokenize and stem the line. Now you can tokenize and stem the line. Now you can save the stemmed sentence to a text file save the stemmed sentence to a text file save the stemmed sentence to a text file using Python write lines function. Make using Python write lines function. Make using Python write lines function. Make a list first to store all the stemmed a list first to store all the stemmed a list first to store all the stemmed sentences and simply write the list to sentences and simply write the list to sentences and simply write the list to the file using right line. So the text the file using right line. So the text the file using right line. So the text file created will be as follows. Python NLTK provides not only two Python NLTK provides not only two Python NLTK provides not only two English stemmers that is Porter stemer English stemmers that is Porter stemer English stemmers that is Porter stemer and Lancaster stemmer but also a lot of and Lancaster stemmer but also a lot of and Lancaster stemmer but also a lot of non-English stemmers as part of snowball non-English stemmers as part of snowball non-English stemmers as part of snowball stemmer is stemer rps stemer. Now Python stemmer is stemer rps stemer. Now Python stemmer is stemer rps stemer. Now Python NLTK included snowball stemmers as a NLTK included snowball stemmers as a NLTK included snowball stemmers as a language to create non-English stemmers. language to create non-English stemmers. language to create non-English stemmers. Currently it supports the following Currently it supports the following Currently it supports the following languages Danish, Dutch, English, languages Danish, Dutch, English, languages Danish, Dutch, English, French, German and much more. Now French, German and much more. Now French, German and much more. Now lemitization unlike stemming reduces the lemitization unlike stemming reduces the lemitization unlike stemming reduces the inflected words properly ensuring that inflected words properly ensuring that inflected words properly ensuring that the root word belongs to the language. the root word belongs to the language. the root word belongs to the language. In leatization root word is called lema. In leatization root word is called lema. In leatization root word is called lema. A lema is the canonical form, dictionary A lema is the canonical form, dictionary A lema is the canonical form, dictionary form or the citation form of a set of form or the citation form of a set of form or the citation form of a set of words. Now it takes into consideration words. Now it takes into consideration words. Now it takes into consideration the morphological analysis of the words. the morphological analysis of the words. the morphological analysis of the words. To do so, it is necessary to have To do so, it is necessary to have To do so, it is necessary to have detailed dictionaries which the detailed dictionaries which the detailed dictionaries which the algorithm can look through to link the algorithm can look through to link the algorithm can look through to link the form back to its lema. For example, a form back to its lema. For example, a form back to its lema. For example, a leatizer should map gone, going, and leatizer should map gone, going, and leatizer should map gone, going, and went into go. Now, Python NLTK provides went into go. Now, Python NLTK provides went into go. Now, Python NLTK provides word net leatizer that uses the word net word net leatizer that uses the word net word net leatizer that uses the word net database to look up lemmas of words. So, database to look up lemmas of words. So, database to look up lemmas of words. So, let's have a look at the code. Now in the above output you must be Now in the above output you must be Now in the above output you must be wondering that no actual root form has wondering that no actual root form has wondering that no actual root form has been given for any word. This is because been given for any word. This is because been given for any word. This is because they are given without context. Now you they are given without context. Now you they are given without context. Now you need to provide the context in which you need to provide the context in which you need to provide the context in which you want to lemitize that is the parts of want to lemitize that is the parts of want to lemitize that is the parts of speech. Remember when we were learning speech. Remember when we were learning speech. Remember when we were learning about the different steps in NLP, POSOS about the different steps in NLP, POSOS about the different steps in NLP, POSOS tag was an important step in the whole tag was an important step in the whole tag was an important step in the whole process. Now this is done by giving the process. Now this is done by giving the process. Now this is done by giving the value for POSOS parameter in wordnet value for POSOS parameter in wordnet value for POSOS parameter in wordnet leatizer. leatizer. leatizer. So let's have a look at some of the So let's have a look at some of the So let's have a look at some of the applications of stemming and applications of stemming and applications of stemming and leatization. leatization. leatization. The first one is sentiment analysis. Now The first one is sentiment analysis. Now The first one is sentiment analysis. Now sentiment analysis is the analysis of sentiment analysis is the analysis of sentiment analysis is the analysis of people's reviews and comments about people's reviews and comments about people's reviews and comments about something. It is widely used for something. It is widely used for something. It is widely used for analysis of products on online retail analysis of products on online retail analysis of products on online retail shops. Now stemming and leatization is shops. Now stemming and leatization is shops. Now stemming and leatization is used as part of the text preparation used as part of the text preparation used as part of the text preparation process before it is analyzed. Next up process before it is analyzed. Next up process before it is analyzed. Next up is document clustering. Now document is document clustering. Now document is document clustering. Now document clustering is the application of cluster clustering is the application of cluster clustering is the application of cluster analysis to textual documents. It has analysis to textual documents. It has analysis to textual documents. It has applications in an automatic document applications in an automatic document applications in an automatic document organization, topic extraction and fast organization, topic extraction and fast organization, topic extraction and fast information retrieval or filtering. Next information retrieval or filtering. Next information retrieval or filtering. Next one is information retrieval one is information retrieval one is information retrieval environments. Now it is useful to use environments. Now it is useful to use environments. Now it is useful to use stemming and leatization to map stemming and leatization to map stemming and leatization to map documents to common topics and display documents to common topics and display documents to common topics and display search results by indexing when search results by indexing when search results by indexing when documents are increasing to documents are increasing to documents are increasing to mind-boggling numbers. Now you may be mind-boggling numbers. Now you may be mind-boggling numbers. Now you may be asking yourself when should I use asking yourself when should I use asking yourself when should I use stemming and when should I use stemming and when should I use stemming and when should I use lemitization. lemitization. lemitization. Now stemming and leatization both Now stemming and leatization both Now stemming and leatization both generate the root form of the inflected generate the root form of the inflected generate the root form of the inflected words. The difference is that stem might words. The difference is that stem might words. The difference is that stem might not be an actual word whereas lema is an not be an actual word whereas lema is an not be an actual word whereas lema is an actual language word. Now stemming actual language word. Now stemming actual language word. Now stemming follows an algorithm with steps to follows an algorithm with steps to follows an algorithm with steps to perform on the words which makes it perform on the words which makes it perform on the words which makes it faster. Whereas in leatization you use faster. Whereas in leatization you use faster. Whereas in leatization you use word net corpus and a corpus for stop word net corpus and a corpus for stop word net corpus and a corpus for stop words as well to produce lema which words as well to produce lema which words as well to produce lema which makes it slower than stemming. You also makes it slower than stemming. You also makes it slower than stemming. You also had to define a parts of speech to had to define a parts of speech to had to define a parts of speech to obtain the correct lema. So when to use obtain the correct lema. So when to use obtain the correct lema. So when to use what? Now the above points show that if what? Now the above points show that if what? Now the above points show that if speed is focused then stemming should be speed is focused then stemming should be speed is focused then stemming should be used since lemitizers scan a corpus used since lemitizers scan a corpus used since lemitizers scan a corpus which consumes time and processing. Now which consumes time and processing. Now which consumes time and processing. Now it depends on the application that you it depends on the application that you it depends on the application that you are working on that decides if stemmers are working on that decides if stemmers are working on that decides if stemmers should be used or leatizers. Now if should be used or leatizers. Now if should be used or leatizers. Now if you're building a language application you're building a language application you're building a language application in which language is important you in which language is important you in which language is important you should use lemitization as it uses a should use lemitization as it uses a should use lemitization as it uses a corpus to match root forms. So with this corpus to match root forms. So with this corpus to match root forms. So with this we come to an end of this video. I hope we come to an end of this video. I hope we come to an end of this video. I hope you guys understood the various steps you guys understood the various steps you guys understood the various steps involved in NLP, the different types of involved in NLP, the different types of involved in NLP, the different types of stemmers and how leatization works and stemmers and how leatization works and stemmers and how leatization works and most importantly where to use which most importantly where to use which most importantly where to use which function. [music] Now what is syntax tree? So this is Now what is syntax tree? So this is Now what is syntax tree? So this is important thing. Syntax tree. Syntax is important thing. Syntax tree. Syntax is important thing. Syntax tree. Syntax is a study of rules governing the way words a study of rules governing the way words a study of rules governing the way words are combined to form sentences in a are combined to form sentences in a are combined to form sentences in a language. So whenever you create language. So whenever you create language. So whenever you create sentence there's always some rule that sentence there's always some rule that sentence there's always some rule that you need to start off with some you need to start off with some you need to start off with some identifier maybe the is a then you have identifier maybe the is a then you have identifier maybe the is a then you have certain verb a certain noun coming into certain verb a certain noun coming into certain verb a certain noun coming into picture then you have certain verb picture then you have certain verb picture then you have certain verb coming into picture then maybe some coming into picture then maybe some coming into picture then maybe some adjectives comes into picture. So there adjectives comes into picture. So there adjectives comes into picture. So there are rules for creating sentence. You are rules for creating sentence. You are rules for creating sentence. You cannot create a sentence without any cannot create a sentence without any cannot create a sentence without any rules. We have to have some rules like rules. We have to have some rules like rules. We have to have some rules like we have to specify some noun then verb we have to specify some noun then verb we have to specify some noun then verb then adjective then prepositions. So then adjective then prepositions. So then adjective then prepositions. So these rules are called as a syntax. So these rules are called as a syntax. So these rules are called as a syntax. So syntax is study of rules governing the syntax is study of rules governing the syntax is study of rules governing the way words are combined. Sentences are way words are combined. Sentences are way words are combined. Sentences are composed of discrete units called rules. composed of discrete units called rules. composed of discrete units called rules. So every sentence has certain rule in So every sentence has certain rule in So every sentence has certain rule in it. Whether it's a past continuous or it. Whether it's a past continuous or it. Whether it's a past continuous or present continuous or present perfect or present continuous or present perfect or present continuous or present perfect or past perfect or whether it's a simple past perfect or whether it's a simple past perfect or whether it's a simple sentence, simple tense. So we have sentence, simple tense. So we have sentence, simple tense. So we have certain rules for defining a sentence certain rules for defining a sentence certain rules for defining a sentence and that is defined by a syntax. Now and that is defined by a syntax. Now and that is defined by a syntax. Now phrase structure rules suppose any word phrase structure rules suppose any word phrase structure rules suppose any word can be starting with a noun. Suppose we can be starting with a noun. Suppose we can be starting with a noun. Suppose we have a certain word which can start with have a certain word which can start with have a certain word which can start with a noun or a verb. Then we have something a noun or a verb. Then we have something a noun or a verb. Then we have something called noun, verb. And then we have a called noun, verb. And then we have a called noun, verb. And then we have a determined prepositions. Then we can determined prepositions. Then we can determined prepositions. Then we can have again nouns, prepositions and have again nouns, prepositions and have again nouns, prepositions and adjectives. Then again we can have adjectives. Then again we can have adjectives. Then again we can have prepositions. Then finally we can have prepositions. Then finally we can have prepositions. Then finally we can have some closing preposition. Any kind of a some closing preposition. Any kind of a some closing preposition. Any kind of a word has some rules. By what we can word has some rules. By what we can word has some rules. By what we can start it, by what we can end it, what start it, by what we can end it, what start it, by what we can end it, what has to be in between. So these are has to be in between. So these are has to be in between. So these are called as a phrases of rules. So in called as a phrases of rules. So in called as a phrases of rules. So in layman terms syntax tree is a tree layman terms syntax tree is a tree layman terms syntax tree is a tree representation of syntactic structure of representation of syntactic structure of representation of syntactic structure of sentence or a string. So we have a whole sentence or a string. So we have a whole sentence or a string. So we have a whole sentence like for example the old tree sentence like for example the old tree sentence like for example the old tree swar in the wind. The is what the is a swar in the wind. The is what the is a swar in the wind. The is what the is a determinant old is adjective tree is a determinant old is adjective tree is a determinant old is adjective tree is a noun swad is verb in is a preposition t noun swad is verb in is a preposition t noun swad is verb in is a preposition t is a determinant and wind is a noun. So is a determinant and wind is a noun. So is a determinant and wind is a noun. So if you see the rule for this language in if you see the rule for this language in if you see the rule for this language in this sentence we have determinant this sentence we have determinant this sentence we have determinant adjective noun verb preposition then adjective noun verb preposition then adjective noun verb preposition then determinant then noun and we can put it determinant then noun and we can put it determinant then noun and we can put it in the hier hierarchy as well. Noun in the hier hierarchy as well. Noun in the hier hierarchy as well. Noun preposition verb preposition and both preposition verb preposition and both preposition verb preposition and both are combining to become a sentence. So are combining to become a sentence. So are combining to become a sentence. So any word has got certain rules. So we any word has got certain rules. So we any word has got certain rules. So we can define those rules. We can check can define those rules. We can check can define those rules. We can check these rules whether it's working fine or these rules whether it's working fine or these rules whether it's working fine or not. And in the same order the sentences not. And in the same order the sentences not. And in the same order the sentences are coming or not or words of sentences are coming or not or words of sentences are coming or not or words of sentences are coming or not. See in order to are coming or not. See in order to are coming or not. See in order to render syntax tree in your notebook you render syntax tree in your notebook you render syntax tree in your notebook you need to install go script a rendering need to install go script a rendering need to install go script a rendering engine for the link this. So if you go engine for the link this. So if you go engine for the link this. So if you go to this link I've already downloaded it. to this link I've already downloaded it. to this link I've already downloaded it. You need to download relevant.exe this You need to download relevant.exe this You need to download relevant.exe this exe file go script.exe and you need to exe file go script.exe and you need to exe file go script.exe and you need to update the path in the path variable. So update the path in the path variable. So update the path in the path variable. So if so if I'll go to this website I've if so if I'll go to this website I've if so if I'll go to this website I've already done downloaded for 60oot ghost already done downloaded for 60oot ghost already done downloaded for 60oot ghost script AGPL release and it's a .exe file script AGPL release and it's a .exe file script AGPL release and it's a .exe file which get downloaded. So I've already which get downloaded. So I've already which get downloaded. So I've already downloaded in my machine. This is the downloaded in my machine. This is the downloaded in my machine. This is the file which I have downloaded. I ran this file which I have downloaded. I ran this file which I have downloaded. I ran this file. It's like a installer as like file. It's like a installer as like file. It's like a installer as like other softwares. Once it is done it is other softwares. Once it is done it is other softwares. Once it is done it is getting installed in C drive. It has got getting installed in C drive. It has got getting installed in C drive. It has got all these rules which are all the all these rules which are all the all these rules which are all the syntaxes defined in them. So when you go syntaxes defined in them. So when you go syntaxes defined in them. So when you go to program files you get a folder called to program files you get a folder called to program files you get a folder called GS within GS 9.25. Within that we have a GS within GS 9.25. Within that we have a GS within GS 9.25. Within that we have a bin directory. So you need to copy this bin directory. So you need to copy this bin directory. So you need to copy this path and put it in the path variable in path and put it in the path variable in path and put it in the path variable in the Windows. You go to C drive the Windows. You go to C drive the Windows. You go to C drive properties this PC properties advanc properties this PC properties advanc properties this PC properties advanc system settings environment variables system settings environment variables system settings environment variables and under path you need to edit it and and under path you need to edit it and and under path you need to edit it and add the path edit text and you need to add the path edit text and you need to add the path edit text and you need to add this path after putting semicolon. add this path after putting semicolon. add this path after putting semicolon. So I've already added it so that this So I've already added it so that this So I've already added it so that this can be accessed from any location. So can be accessed from any location. So can be accessed from any location. So this exe file is having all the syntaxes this exe file is having all the syntaxes this exe file is having all the syntaxes present in it. Whatever can be possible present in it. Whatever can be possible present in it. Whatever can be possible that noun can come after adjective or that noun can come after adjective or that noun can come after adjective or not or adjective can come after noun or not or adjective can come after noun or not or adjective can come after noun or not. how the verb is going to be there not. how the verb is going to be there not. how the verb is going to be there in the sentence where the prepositions in the sentence where the prepositions in the sentence where the prepositions can be kept. So all the rules whichever can be kept. So all the rules whichever can be kept. So all the rules whichever is required to write a English language is required to write a English language is required to write a English language this go script AGPL release is having. this go script AGPL release is having. this go script AGPL release is having. So you need to download it first and So you need to download it first and So you need to download it first and once you download it you go to the once you download it you go to the once you download it you go to the folder where it is installed open the folder where it is installed open the folder where it is installed open the bin folder add the path of bin folder in bin folder add the path of bin folder in bin folder add the path of bin folder in your environment variables. So you need your environment variables. So you need your environment variables. So you need to copy the path where the bin folder is to copy the path where the bin folder is to copy the path where the bin folder is there and you need to paste that path in there and you need to paste that path in there and you need to paste that path in the environment variable so that any the environment variable so that any the environment variable so that any place wherever you're running NLP you place wherever you're running NLP you place wherever you're running NLP you can access it. So you need to go to the can access it. So you need to go to the can access it. So you need to go to the path variable, edit it and add a text path variable, edit it and add a text path variable, edit it and add a text there. You need to add a text there. there. You need to add a text there. there. You need to add a text there. Adding the path. So once you import the Adding the path. So once you import the Adding the path. So once you import the path, once you do that now, you'll path, once you do that now, you'll path, once you do that now, you'll notify the path of environment variable notify the path of environment variable notify the path of environment variable through piece of code. You'll say import through piece of code. You'll say import through piece of code. You'll say import OS path to GS is path where it is OS path to GS is path where it is OS path to GS is path where it is present. And in the environment variable present. And in the environment variable present. And in the environment variable of OS, you add this path. OS.environment of OS, you add this path. OS.environment of OS, you add this path. OS.environment path. You add this path in the path. You add this path in the path. You add this path in the environment variable of OS library. environment variable of OS library. environment variable of OS library. [snorts] So OS library has got some [snorts] So OS library has got some [snorts] So OS library has got some environment variables. Environment environment variables. Environment environment variables. Environment variable means path variables would variable means path variables would variable means path variables would automatically get set when we invoke automatically get set when we invoke automatically get set when we invoke Python or when we invoke notebook. So Python or when we invoke notebook. So Python or when we invoke notebook. So you need to add this path in the you need to add this path in the you need to add this path in the environment variable so that we can environment variable so that we can environment variable so that we can easily access it. So once you have easily access it. So once you have easily access it. So once you have invoked this path now that you have invoked this path now that you have invoked this path now that you have modified the path environment variable modified the path environment variable modified the path environment variable let's discuss some important concept let's discuss some important concept let's discuss some important concept with respect to analyzing sentence with respect to analyzing sentence with respect to analyzing sentence structure. What is chunking? Chunking is structure. What is chunking? Chunking is structure. What is chunking? Chunking is basically means picking up the basically means picking up the basically means picking up the individual pieces of information and individual pieces of information and individual pieces of information and grouping them into a bigger piece. So grouping them into a bigger piece. So grouping them into a bigger piece. So what is chunking? It is basically what is chunking? It is basically what is chunking? It is basically picking the smaller smaller information picking the smaller smaller information picking the smaller smaller information and putting them together to make a and putting them together to make a and putting them together to make a bigger piece. The bigger piece is also bigger piece. The bigger piece is also bigger piece. The bigger piece is also known as a chunks. In the context of known as a chunks. In the context of known as a chunks. In the context of NLP, chunking means grouping of words NLP, chunking means grouping of words NLP, chunking means grouping of words and tokens into chunks. So chunking is and tokens into chunks. So chunking is and tokens into chunks. So chunking is what? Picking up the individual words, what? Picking up the individual words, what? Picking up the individual words, grouping them to make a valid sentence grouping them to make a valid sentence grouping them to make a valid sentence maybe or make a valid syntactically maybe or make a valid syntactically maybe or make a valid syntactically correct sentences. And this is what we correct sentences. And this is what we correct sentences. And this is what we do in chunking. We take the smaller do in chunking. We take the smaller do in chunking. We take the smaller units called tokens and we club them and units called tokens and we club them and units called tokens and we club them and make a bigger chunk. For example, you make a bigger chunk. For example, you make a bigger chunk. For example, you can see here we have individual words can see here we have individual words can see here we have individual words like V is a preposition, so is a verb, D like V is a preposition, so is a verb, D like V is a preposition, so is a verb, D is a determinant, JJ is characteristic is a determinant, JJ is characteristic is a determinant, JJ is characteristic or NN is a noun. So here dog is a noun. or NN is a noun. So here dog is a noun. or NN is a noun. So here dog is a noun. So here we are doing you can see here So here we are doing you can see here So here we are doing you can see here adjectives and different colors. Dog is adjectives and different colors. Dog is adjectives and different colors. Dog is a noun and determinant are chunked a noun and determinant are chunked a noun and determinant are chunked together into a noun phrase. So we call together into a noun phrase. So we call together into a noun phrase. So we call it as a noun phrase. Three things it as a noun phrase. Three things it as a noun phrase. Three things combined together become a noun phrase. combined together become a noun phrase. combined together become a noun phrase. Determinant or determiner and noun and Determinant or determiner and noun and Determinant or determiner and noun and JJ which is becoming a noun phrase. So JJ which is becoming a noun phrase. So JJ which is becoming a noun phrase. So there are certain rules about English. there are certain rules about English. there are certain rules about English. Noun phrase is having determinant, JG Noun phrase is having determinant, JG Noun phrase is having determinant, JG and noun. It becomes a rule for this. So and noun. It becomes a rule for this. So and noun. It becomes a rule for this. So let's see how we do chunking in Python. let's see how we do chunking in Python. let's see how we do chunking in Python. So I'll show you one example. So let's So I'll show you one example. So let's So I'll show you one example. So let's say we import NLTK and OS library. Then say we import NLTK and OS library. Then say we import NLTK and OS library. Then we import NLTK.corpus. we import NLTK.corpus. we import NLTK.corpus. Then we use word tokenizer and regular Then we use word tokenizer and regular Then we use word tokenizer and regular expression tokenizer. We import from expression tokenizer. We import from expression tokenizer. We import from NLTK data import load. So this is used NLTK data import load. So this is used NLTK data import load. So this is used because we already have some inbuilt because we already have some inbuilt because we already have some inbuilt data there in this import load. Now we data there in this import load. Now we data there in this import load. Now we have a sentence called Mary is driving a have a sentence called Mary is driving a have a sentence called Mary is driving a big car. We tokenize it. Send tokens. So big car. We tokenize it. Send tokens. So big car. We tokenize it. Send tokens. So we print send tokens. So Mary is driving we print send tokens. So Mary is driving we print send tokens. So Mary is driving a big car. We get the tokens out of it a big car. We get the tokens out of it a big car. We get the tokens out of it and we put a POS tag in all those and we put a POS tag in all those and we put a POS tag in all those tokens. Once we put PS tags, we get to tokens. Once we put PS tags, we get to tokens. Once we put PS tags, we get to know what is a noun there. What is a know what is a noun there. What is a know what is a noun there. What is a verb? What is adjective? All those verb? What is adjective? All those verb? What is adjective? All those things. Similarly, we have another things. Similarly, we have another things. Similarly, we have another sentence. John is eating a delicious sentence. John is eating a delicious sentence. John is eating a delicious cake. We tokenize it. We put it to PS cake. We tokenize it. We put it to PS cake. We tokenize it. We put it to PS tags. We get for John. What is a word tags. We get for John. What is a word tags. We get for John. What is a word having all these things. Similarly, for having all these things. Similarly, for having all these things. Similarly, for the Jim eats banana. We tokenize it and the Jim eats banana. We tokenize it and the Jim eats banana. We tokenize it and we put in tokenizer. Similarly, using we put in tokenizer. Similarly, using we put in tokenizer. Similarly, using regular expression tokenizer, we can do regular expression tokenizer, we can do regular expression tokenizer, we can do regular expression tokenizer to tokenize regular expression tokenizer to tokenize regular expression tokenizer to tokenize it. We get Jim eats a banana with a it. We get Jim eats a banana with a it. We get Jim eats a banana with a space in between. And now if I pass this space in between. And now if I pass this space in between. And now if I pass this to POS tagger, we get individual to POS tagger, we get individual to POS tagger, we get individual [clears throat] spaces in between them. [clears throat] spaces in between them. [clears throat] spaces in between them. So in the corpora, if you're going to So in the corpora, if you're going to So in the corpora, if you're going to find an NLTK data, find the word find an NLTK data, find the word find an NLTK data, find the word corpora, you will see word corpora there corpora, you will see word corpora there corpora, you will see word corpora there in this. You'll see so many so many in this. You'll see so many so many in this. You'll see so many so many files which is having corpora in it. The files which is having corpora in it. The files which is having corpora in it. The word corpora, we see the word corpora, we see the word corpora, we see the corpora.gutenburg.s corpora.gutenburg.s corpora.gutenburg.s see all the fields there. So this is for see all the fields there. So this is for see all the fields there. So this is for just our knowledge. So let me come to just our knowledge. So let me come to just our knowledge. So let me come to the point. So what we are doing here we the point. So what we are doing here we the point. So what we are doing here we pick up one of the files from there. So pick up one of the files from there. So pick up one of the files from there. So we have all the fields in the corpus. we have all the fields in the corpus. we have all the fields in the corpus. All these text files are already present All these text files are already present All these text files are already present there. We pick up one file Shakespeare there. We pick up one file Shakespeare there. We pick up one file Shakespeare helmet.xt maybe. So we are already using helmet.xt maybe. So we are already using helmet.xt maybe. So we are already using inbuilt file rather than passing our own inbuilt file rather than passing our own inbuilt file rather than passing our own string. And we see length of this. So it string. And we see length of this. So it string. And we see length of this. So it has got 37360 has got 37360 has got 37360 different words in it. It has got 37,360 different words in it. It has got 37,360 different words in it. It has got 37,360 words. And we pick only top 2,000 words. words. And we pick only top 2,000 words. words. And we pick only top 2,000 words. And we pass it to PS tag. And we create And we pass it to PS tag. And we create And we pass it to PS tag. And we create a helmet pause. We get a create a list a helmet pause. We get a create a list a helmet pause. We get a create a list having all these words. And this is what having all these words. And this is what having all these words. And this is what the list has become. It is going to the list has become. It is going to the list has become. It is going to print the list having all the words print the list having all the words print the list having all the words having poss characteristics. So it will having poss characteristics. So it will having poss characteristics. So it will take some time because it's a big file. take some time because it's a big file. take some time because it's a big file. So we get all the words 2,000 words from So we get all the words 2,000 words from So we get all the words 2,000 words from this file. T is a determinant, tragedy this file. T is a determinant, tragedy this file. T is a determinant, tragedy is a noun, helmet is a noun, by is in, is a noun, helmet is a noun, by is in, is a noun, helmet is a noun, by is in, William is a noun. We get the complete William is a noun. We get the complete William is a noun. We get the complete details of this. Now we are going to details of this. Now we are going to details of this. Now we are going to pass it. check only the NNP words in pass it. check only the NNP words in pass it. check only the NNP words in this which is a noun phrase. We're going this which is a noun phrase. We're going this which is a noun phrase. We're going to check if it is a noun phrase then to check if it is a noun phrase then to check if it is a noun phrase then only we are using it. So we get all the only we are using it. So we get all the only we are using it. So we get all the nouns from this file. So we get all the nouns from this file. So we get all the nouns from this file. So we get all the things. We got a article, we got a things. We got a article, we got a things. We got a article, we got a determinant, we got a verb in this file determinant, we got a verb in this file determinant, we got a verb in this file but we are interested in only filtering but we are interested in only filtering but we are interested in only filtering NNP and we create a new list called NNP and we create a new list called NNP and we create a new list called helmet NNP. Then we are going to put one helmet NNP. Then we are going to put one helmet NNP. Then we are going to put one more filter there. We are going to more filter there. We are going to more filter there. We are going to filter out names like William, Williams filter out names like William, Williams filter out names like William, Williams reading and reading and we get to know reading and reading and we get to know reading and reading and we get to know the context of the same in this file. If the context of the same in this file. If the context of the same in this file. If you go down you'll see in which context you go down you'll see in which context you go down you'll see in which context they are getting used. So William is they are getting used. So William is they are getting used. So William is used as a noun noun phrase or it is used used as a noun noun phrase or it is used used as a noun noun phrase or it is used as a noun reading is used as a verb as as a noun reading is used as a verb as as a noun reading is used as a verb as well as noun. Now we import chunk any well as noun. Now we import chunk any well as noun. Now we import chunk any chunk and we say US president stays in chunk and we say US president stays in chunk and we say US president stays in white house tokenize it put it to n tax white house tokenize it put it to n tax white house tokenize it put it to n tax and chunks it. We have seen all these and chunks it. We have seen all these and chunks it. We have seen all these examples. The US is a organization. examples. The US is a organization. examples. The US is a organization. White is a facility. White house is a White is a facility. White house is a White is a facility. White house is a facility. We have seen these examples. facility. We have seen these examples. facility. We have seen these examples. Similarly the state of New York touches Similarly the state of New York touches Similarly the state of New York touches Atlantic Ocean. From there we come to Atlantic Ocean. From there we come to Atlantic Ocean. From there we come to know geographical place is New York. know geographical place is New York. know geographical place is New York. Organization is Atlantic. Similarly, Organization is Atlantic. Similarly, Organization is Atlantic. Similarly, Apple is company name. We get Apple is company name. We get Apple is company name. We get geographical location. Person is Apple. geographical location. Person is Apple. geographical location. Person is Apple. Organization is company. So as I told Organization is company. So as I told Organization is company. So as I told you like this is not a very good way of you like this is not a very good way of you like this is not a very good way of analyzing sentences because it is not analyzing sentences because it is not analyzing sentences because it is not going to give you all the time right going to give you all the time right going to give you all the time right results to you. So let me open chunking results to you. So let me open chunking results to you. So let me open chunking one. Okay. So this is chunking. So we one. Okay. So this is chunking. So we one. Okay. So this is chunking. So we have seen we have imported word have seen we have imported word have seen we have imported word tokenizer. We have used regular tokenizer. We have used regular tokenizer. We have used regular expression tokenizer. So we have used expression tokenizer. So we have used expression tokenizer. So we have used nltk tokeniz import word tokenizer and nltk tokeniz import word tokenizer and nltk tokeniz import word tokenizer and regular expression tokenizer. We have regular expression tokenizer. We have regular expression tokenizer. We have added the path c program file gs in the added the path c program file gs in the added the path c program file gs in the bin path and we add the path in the bin path and we add the path in the bin path and we add the path in the environment variable. So this is the environment variable. So this is the environment variable. So this is the first step we have to do. We have to first step we have to do. We have to first step we have to do. We have to download this file gs9.25. Reason being download this file gs9.25. Reason being download this file gs9.25. Reason being we want to have some rules how the words we want to have some rules how the words we want to have some rules how the words are getting created in a form of a are getting created in a form of a are getting created in a form of a sentence. So let me increase the font sentence. So let me increase the font sentence. So let me increase the font size. Now we have the sentence the size. Now we have the sentence the size. Now we have the sentence the little mouse ate a fresh cheese. So this little mouse ate a fresh cheese. So this little mouse ate a fresh cheese. So this sentence we pass it to poss tag. P tag sentence we pass it to poss tag. P tag sentence we pass it to poss tag. P tag is doing what? It is going to categorize is doing what? It is going to categorize is doing what? It is going to categorize whether it's a noun, it's adjective, whether it's a noun, it's adjective, whether it's a noun, it's adjective, it's a verb. Then we introduce a it's a verb. Then we introduce a it's a verb. Then we introduce a grammar. We say the grammar always grammar. We say the grammar always grammar. We say the grammar always starts with NP. That's a key word we starts with NP. That's a key word we starts with NP. That's a key word we need to start. And in grammar, we say we need to start. And in grammar, we say we need to start. And in grammar, we say we have a determinant, then any single have a determinant, then any single have a determinant, then any single word, then JJ, then noun, any of the word, then JJ, then noun, any of the word, then JJ, then noun, any of the conjunction words, and then we have a conjunction words, and then we have a conjunction words, and then we have a noun. And we define this kind of a noun. And we define this kind of a noun. And we define this kind of a grammar and we parse it through regular grammar and we parse it through regular grammar and we parse it through regular expression parser for this. And then we expression parser for this. And then we expression parser for this. And then we use it to whenever the parser is getting use it to whenever the parser is getting use it to whenever the parser is getting created, we parse it and see the chunk created, we parse it and see the chunk created, we parse it and see the chunk results. Chunking is doing what? Here. results. Chunking is doing what? Here. results. Chunking is doing what? Here. If I run this, it is getting a treel If I run this, it is getting a treel If I run this, it is getting a treel like structure. So whole is a sentence. like structure. So whole is a sentence. like structure. So whole is a sentence. S is a sentence. Noun phrase is what? It S is a sentence. Noun phrase is what? It S is a sentence. Noun phrase is what? It is going to determine internally what is going to determine internally what is going to determine internally what all are the nouns in them. Noun phrase. all are the nouns in them. Noun phrase. all are the nouns in them. Noun phrase. So the little mouse, this is the noun So the little mouse, this is the noun So the little mouse, this is the noun phrase. And another noun phrase is the phrase. And another noun phrase is the phrase. And another noun phrase is the fresh cheese and is a verb. So we got a fresh cheese and is a verb. So we got a fresh cheese and is a verb. So we got a from the grammar whatever we have from the grammar whatever we have from the grammar whatever we have decided the grammar is what we have decided the grammar is what we have decided the grammar is what we have decided the grammar on the basis of that decided the grammar on the basis of that decided the grammar on the basis of that it is going to internally create a treel it is going to internally create a treel it is going to internally create a treel like structure how it is joining two like structure how it is joining two like structure how it is joining two noun phrases. So 8 is a verb. Verb is noun phrases. So 8 is a verb. Verb is noun phrases. So 8 is a verb. Verb is joining two noun phrases. So we get a joining two noun phrases. So we get a joining two noun phrases. So we get a hierarchy of words. How the noun phrases hierarchy of words. How the noun phrases hierarchy of words. How the noun phrases are getting joined. And one noun phrase are getting joined. And one noun phrase are getting joined. And one noun phrase can have a determinant JJ and noun. can have a determinant JJ and noun. can have a determinant JJ and noun. Adjective. JJ is what? Adjective. We Adjective. JJ is what? Adjective. We Adjective. JJ is what? Adjective. We have a determinant adjective and noun. have a determinant adjective and noun. have a determinant adjective and noun. Similarly, determinant adjective and Similarly, determinant adjective and Similarly, determinant adjective and noun. So if you put it in a form of a noun. So if you put it in a form of a noun. So if you put it in a form of a clause, we can say noun phrases are made clause, we can say noun phrases are made clause, we can say noun phrases are made up of determinant, adjective and noun. up of determinant, adjective and noun. up of determinant, adjective and noun. And two noun phrases are always joined And two noun phrases are always joined And two noun phrases are always joined by the verb. So you can define your own by the verb. So you can define your own by the verb. So you can define your own grammar. Say that we want a sentence in grammar. Say that we want a sentence in grammar. Say that we want a sentence in which we have a noun phrases and we join which we have a noun phrases and we join which we have a noun phrases and we join noun phrases by a verb and noun phrases noun phrases by a verb and noun phrases noun phrases by a verb and noun phrases can have a determinant adjective and can have a determinant adjective and can have a determinant adjective and nouns. So you see this the rule what you nouns. So you see this the rule what you nouns. So you see this the rule what you have saying said determinant adjective have saying said determinant adjective have saying said determinant adjective and noun and that is what is coming in and noun and that is what is coming in and noun and that is what is coming in the answer determinant adjective and the answer determinant adjective and the answer determinant adjective and noun determinant adjective and noun. So noun determinant adjective and noun. So noun determinant adjective and noun. So depending on the grammar, the sentence depending on the grammar, the sentence depending on the grammar, the sentence has been chunked out. Let's see the next has been chunked out. Let's see the next has been chunked out. Let's see the next example. Okay. So here she is wearing a example. Okay. So here she is wearing a example. Okay. So here she is wearing a beautiful dress. We poss tag it. We find beautiful dress. We poss tag it. We find beautiful dress. We poss tag it. We find the adverb, adjectives and all those the adverb, adjectives and all those the adverb, adjectives and all those things. Then we use chunk parser.parse things. Then we use chunk parser.parse things. Then we use chunk parser.parse send two tokens. Right? We have not send two tokens. Right? We have not send two tokens. Right? We have not defined any grammar in this. We have not defined any grammar in this. We have not defined any grammar in this. We have not seen any grammar in this. And we get the seen any grammar in this. And we get the seen any grammar in this. And we get the results. So if I run this, see it is results. So if I run this, see it is results. So if I run this, see it is giving me the results as preposition, giving me the results as preposition, giving me the results as preposition, verb and again verb. Similarly, verb and again verb. Similarly, verb and again verb. Similarly, preposition, determinant, adjective and preposition, determinant, adjective and preposition, determinant, adjective and noun. So, noun phrase always consists of noun. So, noun phrase always consists of noun. So, noun phrase always consists of determinant, adjective and noun. And a determinant, adjective and noun. And a determinant, adjective and noun. And a sentence is having prepositions, verbs sentence is having prepositions, verbs sentence is having prepositions, verbs and verb another verb. So, it is and verb another verb. So, it is and verb another verb. So, it is determining on its own the treel like determining on its own the treel like determining on its own the treel like structure. How the complete grammar has structure. How the complete grammar has structure. How the complete grammar has been created. So, it is going to take been created. So, it is going to take been created. So, it is going to take its grammar by default as per the its grammar by default as per the its grammar by default as per the English language and creating our own English language and creating our own English language and creating our own treel like structure. So, what is the treel like structure. So, what is the treel like structure. So, what is the need of this chunking? The question need of this chunking? The question need of this chunking? The question comes why do we choose this chunking? comes why do we choose this chunking? comes why do we choose this chunking? Reason being we need to figure it out Reason being we need to figure it out Reason being we need to figure it out how the sentences have been created in how the sentences have been created in how the sentences have been created in the whole paragraph or maybe in the the whole paragraph or maybe in the the whole paragraph or maybe in the whole document. And based on those whole document. And based on those whole document. And based on those sentences we are going to create a big sentences we are going to create a big sentences we are going to create a big treel like structure and filter out all treel like structure and filter out all treel like structure and filter out all the noun phrases there, all the the noun phrases there, all the the noun phrases there, all the adjectives there, all the prepositions adjectives there, all the prepositions adjectives there, all the prepositions there, all the verb phrases there and there, all the verb phrases there and there, all the verb phrases there and figure it out in which tree at what figure it out in which tree at what figure it out in which tree at what level they lie. or our decision making. level they lie. or our decision making. level they lie. or our decision making. When we are creating a random forest When we are creating a random forest When we are creating a random forest like a tree, we are going to figure it like a tree, we are going to figure it like a tree, we are going to figure it out how the noun phrases are dependent out how the noun phrases are dependent out how the noun phrases are dependent on adjective. How adjectives are on adjective. How adjectives are on adjective. How adjectives are dependent on determinants? How dependent on determinants? How dependent on determinants? How determinants are dependent on determinants are dependent on determinants are dependent on prepositions? We find the dependencies prepositions? We find the dependencies prepositions? We find the dependencies among them and we'll find out the right among them and we'll find out the right among them and we'll find out the right clusters that okay these are the clusters that okay these are the clusters that okay these are the clusters we are determinant adjective clusters we are determinant adjective clusters we are determinant adjective and nouns come together always. These and nouns come together always. These and nouns come together always. These are all sentences. These are the are all sentences. These are the are all sentences. These are the sentences in which we have determinant sentences in which we have determinant sentences in which we have determinant adjectives and noun. These are sentences adjectives and noun. These are sentences adjectives and noun. These are sentences where noun phrases, verbs and noun where noun phrases, verbs and noun where noun phrases, verbs and noun phrases are coming. So we can do phrases are coming. So we can do phrases are coming. So we can do clustering kind of algorithm internally. clustering kind of algorithm internally. clustering kind of algorithm internally. So chunking is dividing the whole set of So chunking is dividing the whole set of So chunking is dividing the whole set of data into individual words and looking data into individual words and looking data into individual words and looking at their context how they're coming in a at their context how they're coming in a at their context how they're coming in a form of a treel like structure and a form of a treel like structure and a form of a treel like structure and a treel like structure is a complete treel like structure is a complete treel like structure is a complete hierarchy. Noun phrase can consist of hierarchy. Noun phrase can consist of hierarchy. Noun phrase can consist of like in the previous case you can see like in the previous case you can see like in the previous case you can see noun phrase was having determinant noun phrase was having determinant noun phrase was having determinant adjective and noun. Here noun phrase is adjective and noun. Here noun phrase is adjective and noun. Here noun phrase is having determinant adjective and noun having determinant adjective and noun having determinant adjective and noun again. So noun phrase is something which again. So noun phrase is something which again. So noun phrase is something which is most commonly coming as determinant is most commonly coming as determinant is most commonly coming as determinant adjective and noun. In the previous case adjective and noun. In the previous case adjective and noun. In the previous case also the little mouse determinant also the little mouse determinant also the little mouse determinant adjective and noun. Let's take one more adjective and noun. Let's take one more adjective and noun. Let's take one more example. She's walking quickly to the example. She's walking quickly to the example. She's walking quickly to the mall and here we tokenize it. We define mall and here we tokenize it. We define mall and here we tokenize it. We define the grammar as preposition verb any form the grammar as preposition verb any form the grammar as preposition verb any form of a verb VB VBD VBZ VBG and then any of a verb VB VBD VBZ VBG and then any of a verb VB VBD VBZ VBG and then any form of a RB. So we define our own form of a RB. So we define our own form of a RB. So we define our own grammar that I want to filter out the grammar that I want to filter out the grammar that I want to filter out the words in a tree according to this rule words in a tree according to this rule words in a tree according to this rule which I have given. Then I parse this which I have given. Then I parse this which I have given. Then I parse this using regular expression parser and send using regular expression parser and send using regular expression parser and send these tokens to a creating a tree. Now these tokens to a creating a tree. Now these tokens to a creating a tree. Now the answer you get here is you get first the answer you get here is you get first the answer you get here is you get first PRP preposition as per our rule. Then PRP preposition as per our rule. Then PRP preposition as per our rule. Then you get the verb of any form. Then you you get the verb of any form. Then you you get the verb of any form. Then you get a verb of any form. Then you get an get a verb of any form. Then you get an get a verb of any form. Then you get an adjective. And rest of the words which adjective. And rest of the words which adjective. And rest of the words which are not lying into this like to dt and are not lying into this like to dt and are not lying into this like to dt and n. If you see 2dt and nn. So dt is n. If you see 2dt and nn. So dt is n. If you see 2dt and nn. So dt is basically a determiner and nn is a noun. basically a determiner and nn is a noun. basically a determiner and nn is a noun. So we already know that two is a two. So So we already know that two is a two. So So we already know that two is a two. So two is classified as two. So what we are two is classified as two. So what we are two is classified as two. So what we are doing here we are classifying a sentence doing here we are classifying a sentence doing here we are classifying a sentence as per the rule which we are trying to as per the rule which we are trying to as per the rule which we are trying to fix up and building up a hierarchy. fix up and building up a hierarchy. fix up and building up a hierarchy. Let's say change this rule up to some Let's say change this rule up to some Let's say change this rule up to some extent. Let's say I make this rule as I extent. Let's say I make this rule as I extent. Let's say I make this rule as I want to have let's say I remove this VB. want to have let's say I remove this VB. want to have let's say I remove this VB. Now you can see I have changed the rule. Now you can see I have changed the rule. Now you can see I have changed the rule. I have said I want a preposition then I have said I want a preposition then I have said I want a preposition then verb then adjective. So you can see verb then adjective. So you can see verb then adjective. So you can see first I got a preposition then I get any first I got a preposition then I get any first I got a preposition then I get any form of a verb then VB which is quickly form of a verb then VB which is quickly form of a verb then VB which is quickly and then any adjective which is there in and then any adjective which is there in and then any adjective which is there in that or not or list of the things the that or not or list of the things the that or not or list of the things the tree gets changed depending on the tree gets changed depending on the tree gets changed depending on the grammar it is coming as per the like the grammar it is coming as per the like the grammar it is coming as per the like the first one we get a determinant we get a first one we get a determinant we get a first one we get a determinant we get a adjective we get a noun. So we get a adjective we get a noun. So we get a adjective we get a noun. So we get a determinant, adjective and noun, determinant, adjective and noun, determinant, adjective and noun, determinant, adjective and noun. So determinant, adjective and noun. So determinant, adjective and noun. So whatever the grammar is going to be whatever the grammar is going to be whatever the grammar is going to be there, it is going to branch out to there, it is going to branch out to there, it is going to branch out to categorize. So dt has one branch, categorize. So dt has one branch, categorize. So dt has one branch, adjective has one branch, noun as adjective has one branch, noun as adjective has one branch, noun as another branch. And if you do not able another branch. And if you do not able another branch. And if you do not able to create a branch, it will come to the to create a branch, it will come to the to create a branch, it will come to the base branch as a sentence. So in this base branch as a sentence. So in this base branch as a sentence. So in this case we have a preposition as a separate case we have a preposition as a separate case we have a preposition as a separate branch. We have a verb as a separate branch. We have a verb as a separate branch. We have a verb as a separate branch. We have a adjective as a branch. We have a adjective as a branch. We have a adjective as a separate branch. We don't have adjective separate branch. We don't have adjective separate branch. We don't have adjective it is not coming. That's reason. And it is not coming. That's reason. And it is not coming. That's reason. And let's say if you don't give any kind of let's say if you don't give any kind of let's say if you don't give any kind of a rule, it will do it as per its own a rule, it will do it as per its own a rule, it will do it as per its own wish. He drives fast on highways. So wish. He drives fast on highways. So wish. He drives fast on highways. So first preposition come, then verb come, first preposition come, then verb come, first preposition come, then verb come, then RB is what? Adverb come. RB is then RB is what? Adverb come. RB is then RB is what? Adverb come. RB is adverb. Then adverb comes, then in comes adverb. Then adverb comes, then in comes adverb. Then adverb comes, then in comes in is preposition. I is again a in is preposition. I is again a in is preposition. I is again a preposition that comes and then noun preposition that comes and then noun preposition that comes and then noun comes. And if you might have provided comes. And if you might have provided comes. And if you might have provided some kind of a rule there, let's say I some kind of a rule there, let's say I some kind of a rule there, let's say I give the same kind of a rule which was give the same kind of a rule which was give the same kind of a rule which was there in the top, then things would have there in the top, then things would have there in the top, then things would have changed. If I would have given this changed. If I would have given this changed. If I would have given this rule, the things would have changed in rule, the things would have changed in rule, the things would have changed in this graph. Now this is known as this graph. Now this is known as this graph. Now this is known as chunking. We have discussed this all chunking. We have discussed this all chunking. We have discussed this all about chunking. So let's talk in detail about chunking. So let's talk in detail about chunking. So let's talk in detail about this. So let's consider a such about this. So let's consider a such about this. So let's consider a such scenario. A little mouse ate the fresh scenario. A little mouse ate the fresh scenario. A little mouse ate the fresh cheese. Convert the sentence into token cheese. Convert the sentence into token cheese. Convert the sentence into token and add PS tags to the same. So P tag is and add PS tags to the same. So P tag is and add PS tags to the same. So P tag is adding the whether what type of word it adding the whether what type of word it adding the whether what type of word it is. It's adjective noun or any adverb it is. It's adjective noun or any adverb it is. It's adjective noun or any adverb it is going to add it. Now we'll create a is going to add it. Now we'll create a is going to add it. Now we'll create a grammar from the noun phrase and we'll grammar from the noun phrase and we'll grammar from the noun phrase and we'll mention the tags that we want in our mention the tags that we want in our mention the tags that we want in our chunk phrase. Here we have created chunk phrase. Here we have created chunk phrase. Here we have created regular expression matching this chunk. regular expression matching this chunk. regular expression matching this chunk. We want a determinant. We want adjective We want a determinant. We want adjective We want a determinant. We want adjective without a noun. Now we will have to pass without a noun. Now we will have to pass without a noun. Now we will have to pass the chunk. Hence we'll make the chunk the chunk. Hence we'll make the chunk the chunk. Hence we'll make the chunk parser and pass out noun phrase string parser and pass out noun phrase string parser and pass out noun phrase string to it. We pass the complete string to a to it. We pass the complete string to a to it. We pass the complete string to a regular expression parser. The parser is regular expression parser. The parser is regular expression parser. The parser is now ready. We will use to pass within now ready. We will use to pass within now ready. We will use to pass within our chunk parser to create our sentence. our chunk parser to create our sentence. our chunk parser to create our sentence. So we'll pass it to the chunk parser. So So we'll pass it to the chunk parser. So So we'll pass it to the chunk parser. So first of all we run the regular first of all we run the regular first of all we run the regular expression parser to determine what all expression parser to determine what all expression parser to determine what all our determinants are join adjectives and our determinants are join adjectives and our determinants are join adjectives and nouns and then we pass it to chunk nouns and then we pass it to chunk nouns and then we pass it to chunk passer to create a tree for us. The passer to create a tree for us. The passer to create a tree for us. The tokens that match a regular expression tokens that match a regular expression tokens that match a regular expression are chunked together into noun phrase. are chunked together into noun phrase. are chunked together into noun phrase. So we have given a noun phrase right? We So we have given a noun phrase right? We So we have given a noun phrase right? We have said okay these are consolidatedly have said okay these are consolidatedly have said okay these are consolidatedly become should become a noun phrase and become should become a noun phrase and become should become a noun phrase and we get np here np noun phrase we call it we get np here np noun phrase we call it we get np here np noun phrase we call it as what? NP. So noun phrase is this as what? NP. So noun phrase is this as what? NP. So noun phrase is this word. So in the previous example if I word. So in the previous example if I word. So in the previous example if I determine give some word to them like determine give some word to them like determine give some word to them like for example it is a verb phrase we get for example it is a verb phrase we get for example it is a verb phrase we get as a word as verb phrase. If I give it as a word as verb phrase. If I give it as a word as verb phrase. If I give it as noun phrase np it is a noun phrase we as noun phrase np it is a noun phrase we as noun phrase np it is a noun phrase we call it as a noun phrase. So my grammar call it as a noun phrase. So my grammar call it as a noun phrase. So my grammar says she is a noun phrase. NP is a verb says she is a noun phrase. NP is a verb says she is a noun phrase. NP is a verb phrase. Noun phrase. So all the noun phrase. Noun phrase. So all the noun phrase. Noun phrase. So all the noun phrases get distinguished by this rule. phrases get distinguished by this rule. phrases get distinguished by this rule. So we say that my noun phrase should So we say that my noun phrase should So we say that my noun phrase should contain a preposition, verb and a contain a preposition, verb and a contain a preposition, verb and a adjective. So it is your choice what adjective. So it is your choice what adjective. So it is your choice what kind of rule you want to put in and kind of rule you want to put in and kind of rule you want to put in and according to your grammar which you put according to your grammar which you put according to your grammar which you put in system is going to create a tree for in system is going to create a tree for in system is going to create a tree for you. So maybe it is not a noun phrase. you. So maybe it is not a noun phrase. you. So maybe it is not a noun phrase. If I'm not in good in English, so I will If I'm not in good in English, so I will If I'm not in good in English, so I will say it is not a noun phrase. Maybe in say it is not a noun phrase. Maybe in say it is not a noun phrase. Maybe in the previous example we say noun phrase the previous example we say noun phrase the previous example we say noun phrase is determinant, adjective and noun. And is determinant, adjective and noun. And is determinant, adjective and noun. And if I'll give it as verb phrase, system if I'll give it as verb phrase, system if I'll give it as verb phrase, system will call it as a verb phrase. It is you will call it as a verb phrase. It is you will call it as a verb phrase. It is you as a teacher going to train the machine as a teacher going to train the machine as a teacher going to train the machine that what is noun phrase, what is verb that what is noun phrase, what is verb that what is noun phrase, what is verb phrase, how the sentence should look phrase, how the sentence should look phrase, how the sentence should look like, what it should contain. We need to like, what it should contain. We need to like, what it should contain. We need to define that grammar. So she is wearing a define that grammar. So she is wearing a define that grammar. So she is wearing a beautiful dress and we supposed tokenize beautiful dress and we supposed tokenize beautiful dress and we supposed tokenize it and pass it to passer. So convert it and pass it to passer. So convert it and pass it to passer. So convert this sentence to tokens and add PS tags. this sentence to tokens and add PS tags. this sentence to tokens and add PS tags. Now we'll we will now have a pass the Now we'll we will now have a pass the Now we'll we will now have a pass the chunk here. We'll create a chunk passer chunk here. We'll create a chunk passer chunk here. We'll create a chunk passer and pass a noun phrase into it. So it is and pass a noun phrase into it. So it is and pass a noun phrase into it. So it is using the chunk passer default passer using the chunk passer default passer using the chunk passer default passer and it is automatically figuring out and it is automatically figuring out and it is automatically figuring out what is a noun phrase for us. Noun what is a noun phrase for us. Noun what is a noun phrase for us. Noun phrase generally have determinants phrase generally have determinants phrase generally have determinants adjectives and nouns and it is finding adjectives and nouns and it is finding adjectives and nouns and it is finding out preposition verb and verbs creating out preposition verb and verbs creating out preposition verb and verbs creating our own tree for us. So if you do not our own tree for us. So if you do not our own tree for us. So if you do not have a passer you can use the default have a passer you can use the default have a passer you can use the default passer or you do not have a grammar passer or you do not have a grammar passer or you do not have a grammar there with you you can ignore that there with you you can ignore that there with you you can ignore that system will automatically do for you. system will automatically do for you. system will automatically do for you. Similarly let's create a verb phrase. So Similarly let's create a verb phrase. So Similarly let's create a verb phrase. So we define a verb phrase as preposition we define a verb phrase as preposition we define a verb phrase as preposition then verb of any form then adjective. then verb of any form then adjective. then verb of any form then adjective. I'll create another parser. We'll pass I'll create another parser. We'll pass I'll create another parser. We'll pass through a verb phrase. Create another through a verb phrase. Create another through a verb phrase. Create another sentence and we'll tokenize and add a p sentence and we'll tokenize and add a p sentence and we'll tokenize and add a p text to it. Again, pass it to the passer text to it. Again, pass it to the passer text to it. Again, pass it to the passer and we'll create a verb phrase and we'll create a verb phrase and we'll create a verb phrase containing all this. A verb phrase where containing all this. A verb phrase where containing all this. A verb phrase where a pronoun followed by two verbs followed a pronoun followed by two verbs followed a pronoun followed by two verbs followed by adverb are chunked together into a by adverb are chunked together into a by adverb are chunked together into a verb phrase. So as per my rule which I'm verb phrase. So as per my rule which I'm verb phrase. So as per my rule which I'm defining system is chunking out that defining system is chunking out that defining system is chunking out that part from the whole sentence. So let's part from the whole sentence. So let's part from the whole sentence. So let's consider another sentence below. He consider another sentence below. He consider another sentence below. He drives fast on highways and we use a drives fast on highways and we use a drives fast on highways and we use a default passer. It gives a verb phrase. default passer. It gives a verb phrase. default passer. It gives a verb phrase. Verb phrase consists of preposition, Verb phrase consists of preposition, Verb phrase consists of preposition, verb and the verb. First step is verb and the verb. First step is verb and the verb. First step is tokenize it. That is word tokenizer. tokenize it. That is word tokenizer. tokenize it. That is word tokenizer. Second step is pass it to post tack to Second step is pass it to post tack to Second step is pass it to post tack to find out whether it's a verb, adjective find out whether it's a verb, adjective find out whether it's a verb, adjective or noun or pronoun. Third step is to or noun or pronoun. Third step is to or noun or pronoun. Third step is to pass it to chunk parser to make a tree. pass it to chunk parser to make a tree. pass it to chunk parser to make a tree. So there are three steps. Now there's So there are three steps. Now there's So there are three steps. Now there's another sub program or subprocess called another sub program or subprocess called another sub program or subprocess called chinking. So chunking is what? Chunking chinking. So chunking is what? Chunking chinking. So chunking is what? Chunking is dividing the whole set of big is dividing the whole set of big is dividing the whole set of big sentence into verb phrases or the sentence into verb phrases or the sentence into verb phrases or the grammar that we have in mind and divide grammar that we have in mind and divide grammar that we have in mind and divide it into a independent sentences or it into a independent sentences or it into a independent sentences or independent tokens. What is chinking? independent tokens. What is chinking? independent tokens. What is chinking? Helps us to define what we want to Helps us to define what we want to Helps us to define what we want to conclude from a chunk. So if you want to conclude from a chunk. So if you want to conclude from a chunk. So if you want to have some meaning from the chunk, we have some meaning from the chunk, we have some meaning from the chunk, we call it as chinking. Under chinking, we call it as chinking. Under chinking, we call it as chinking. Under chinking, we create a sequence of tokens which are create a sequence of tokens which are create a sequence of tokens which are not included in the chunk. So it is not included in the chunk. So it is not included in the chunk. So it is finding a insights or context like let's finding a insights or context like let's finding a insights or context like let's say we did stemization and lemitization. say we did stemization and lemitization. say we did stemization and lemitization. What was the difference? Chinking is What was the difference? Chinking is What was the difference? Chinking is going into the context but chunking is going into the context but chunking is going into the context but chunking is not doing that. Chunking is just not doing that. Chunking is just not doing that. Chunking is just dividing the words into phrases or verb dividing the words into phrases or verb dividing the words into phrases or verb phrase or noun phrase. Chinking is a phrase or noun phrase. Chinking is a phrase or noun phrase. Chinking is a more deep dive. Chinking in Python. more deep dive. Chinking in Python. more deep dive. Chinking in Python. Let's create a chinking grammar string Let's create a chinking grammar string Let's create a chinking grammar string containing three things. Chunk name. The containing three things. Chunk name. The containing three things. Chunk name. The name of the chunk that we want to pass. name of the chunk that we want to pass. name of the chunk that we want to pass. Regular expression sequence of a chunk Regular expression sequence of a chunk Regular expression sequence of a chunk and regular expression sequence of our and regular expression sequence of our and regular expression sequence of our chunk. So it contest consists of three chunk. So it contest consists of three chunk. So it contest consists of three parts. The name of a chunk. Regular parts. The name of a chunk. Regular parts. The name of a chunk. Regular expression sequence of a chunk. So expression sequence of a chunk. So expression sequence of a chunk. So whatever the regular expression we want whatever the regular expression we want whatever the regular expression we want to put in in the chunk of filter the to put in in the chunk of filter the to put in in the chunk of filter the data and regular expression sequence for data and regular expression sequence for data and regular expression sequence for our chunk whatever we want to make out our chunk whatever we want to make out our chunk whatever we want to make out of it. So let's say our chunk is going of it. So let's say our chunk is going of it. So let's say our chunk is going to divide the sentence into preposition to divide the sentence into preposition to divide the sentence into preposition verb of any form and adverb. I want to verb of any form and adverb. I want to verb of any form and adverb. I want to keep it as a adverb and then whatever keep it as a adverb and then whatever keep it as a adverb and then whatever can come later on. So let's see this can come later on. So let's see this can come later on. So let's see this example. Let's say we use a regular example. Let's say we use a regular example. Let's say we use a regular expression passer. Now we'll create a expression passer. Now we'll create a expression passer. Now we'll create a passer for NLTK regular expressing passer for NLTK regular expressing passer for NLTK regular expressing grammar to it. And the grammar which we grammar to it. And the grammar which we grammar to it. And the grammar which we have created here whatever the grammar have created here whatever the grammar have created here whatever the grammar we have created here we pass it to we have created here we pass it to we have created here we pass it to parser. Previously we was passing to parser. Previously we was passing to parser. Previously we was passing to chunk parser we are passing to chunk parser we are passing to chunk parser we are passing to grammar here. Ching grammar has been grammar here. Ching grammar has been grammar here. Ching grammar has been passed to regular expression and we passed to regular expression and we passed to regular expression and we tokenize it. So you'll see on comparing tokenize it. So you'll see on comparing tokenize it. So you'll see on comparing the syntax tree of chasser with that of the syntax tree of chasser with that of the syntax tree of chasser with that of oral chunk you can see that token oral chunk you can see that token oral chunk you can see that token quickly that is adverb is chilled out of quickly that is adverb is chilled out of quickly that is adverb is chilled out of the chunk. So in the previous case we the chunk. So in the previous case we the chunk. So in the previous case we were getting this word quickly as a part were getting this word quickly as a part were getting this word quickly as a part of the chunk. Right? So if you see this of the chunk. Right? So if you see this of the chunk. Right? So if you see this what is the sentence she is walking what is the sentence she is walking what is the sentence she is walking quickly to the mall that was sentence. quickly to the mall that was sentence. quickly to the mall that was sentence. So this was the sentence she was walking So this was the sentence she was walking So this was the sentence she was walking quickly to the mall. Let me give this quickly to the mall. Let me give this quickly to the mall. Let me give this see when I use this grammar preposition see when I use this grammar preposition see when I use this grammar preposition verb of any form and adjective to the verb of any form and adjective to the verb of any form and adjective to the chunk parser. It was giving quickly as a chunk parser. It was giving quickly as a chunk parser. It was giving quickly as a part of verb phrase. You can see this it part of verb phrase. You can see this it part of verb phrase. You can see this it was a part of verb phrase. But when I was a part of verb phrase. But when I was a part of verb phrase. But when I pass it to chunk parser the adverb has pass it to chunk parser the adverb has pass it to chunk parser the adverb has been moved out of it. Why it has been been moved out of it. Why it has been been moved out of it. Why it has been moved? Because we defined the grammar moved? Because we defined the grammar moved? Because we defined the grammar that whatever the chunk you are having, that whatever the chunk you are having, that whatever the chunk you are having, take adverb out of it. You can see the take adverb out of it. You can see the take adverb out of it. You can see the curly braces which is out outer side curly braces which is out outer side curly braces which is out outer side closing. We have curly braces of closing. We have curly braces of closing. We have curly braces of opposite sides, we have created one or opposite sides, we have created one or opposite sides, we have created one or more adverbs. So whatever the adverbs more adverbs. So whatever the adverbs more adverbs. So whatever the adverbs are going to be, it's going to be are going to be, it's going to be are going to be, it's going to be chunked out from there. So we get the chunked out from there. So we get the chunked out from there. So we get the answer here adverb coming out of it. So answer here adverb coming out of it. So answer here adverb coming out of it. So syntax if you compare previous one, the syntax if you compare previous one, the syntax if you compare previous one, the adverb was coming as a verb phrase. Now adverb was coming as a verb phrase. Now adverb was coming as a verb phrase. Now it is not coming as verb phrase. It is it is not coming as verb phrase. It is it is not coming as verb phrase. It is coming out of it quickly. We'll now coming out of it quickly. We'll now coming out of it quickly. We'll now create a parser from NLTK regular create a parser from NLTK regular create a parser from NLTK regular expression. and we'll pass ching grammar expression. and we'll pass ching grammar expression. and we'll pass ching grammar to it. So if you use an LTK grammar and to it. So if you use an LTK grammar and to it. So if you use an LTK grammar and pass a ching grammar, it is going to pass a ching grammar, it is going to pass a ching grammar, it is going to keep quickly out of the chunk because we keep quickly out of the chunk because we keep quickly out of the chunk because we have given in the rule that I won't want have given in the rule that I won't want have given in the rule that I won't want this adverb there in the chunk. Now this adverb there in the chunk. Now this adverb there in the chunk. Now we'll discuss about another topic in LTK we'll discuss about another topic in LTK we'll discuss about another topic in LTK for analyzing sentence known as contextf for analyzing sentence known as contextf for analyzing sentence known as contextf free grammar. So this is a big domain free grammar. So this is a big domain free grammar. So this is a big domain guys. There's a subject called guys. There's a subject called guys. There's a subject called automator. If you research more on that automator. If you research more on that automator. If you research more on that subject, automator is one field wherein subject, automator is one field wherein subject, automator is one field wherein how system is understanding natural how system is understanding natural how system is understanding natural language is beautifully explained there. language is beautifully explained there. language is beautifully explained there. So I'll take one web page and I'll So I'll take one web page and I'll So I'll take one web page and I'll explain you what is contextf free explain you what is contextf free explain you what is contextf free grammar. Types of grammar tutorials grammar. Types of grammar tutorials grammar. Types of grammar tutorials point. So let me discuss what are point. So let me discuss what are point. So let me discuss what are different types of grammar. So different types of grammar. So different types of grammar. So introduction to grammar. So the grammar introduction to grammar. So the grammar introduction to grammar. So the grammar denotes syntactical rules for denotes syntactical rules for denotes syntactical rules for conversation in natural languages. conversation in natural languages. conversation in natural languages. Linguistics have attempted to define Linguistics have attempted to define Linguistics have attempted to define grammars since the inception of natural grammars since the inception of natural grammars since the inception of natural language like English, Sanskrit, language like English, Sanskrit, language like English, Sanskrit, Mandarin etc. The theory of formal Mandarin etc. The theory of formal Mandarin etc. The theory of formal grammar finds its applicability grammar finds its applicability grammar finds its applicability extensively in the field of computer extensively in the field of computer extensively in the field of computer science. Nom Chomsky gave a mathematical science. Nom Chomsky gave a mathematical science. Nom Chomsky gave a mathematical model in 1956 for writing computer model in 1956 for writing computer model in 1956 for writing computer languages. He's a father of automator languages. He's a father of automator languages. He's a father of automator Nom Chomsky and there's a book in Nom Chomsky and there's a book in Nom Chomsky and there's a book in automator generally you'll get it from automator generally you'll get it from automator generally you'll get it from the Indian authors or foreigner authors the Indian authors or foreigner authors the Indian authors or foreigner authors in the market. The book name is in the market. The book name is in the market. The book name is automator and it has got all the rules automator and it has got all the rules automator and it has got all the rules there. What is grammar? A grammar can be there. What is grammar? A grammar can be there. What is grammar? A grammar can be written by four pupils N, T, S and P written by four pupils N, T, S and P written by four pupils N, T, S and P where N is a set of variables or non- where N is a set of variables or non- where N is a set of variables or non- terminal symbols. T is a set of terminal terminal symbols. T is a set of terminal terminal symbols. T is a set of terminal symbols. S is a special variable called symbols. S is a special variable called symbols. S is a special variable called start symbol which belongs to N. So start symbol which belongs to N. So start symbol which belongs to N. So start symbol is also one of the non- start symbol is also one of the non- start symbol is also one of the non- terminal terminals symbols. P is a terminal terminals symbols. P is a terminal terminals symbols. P is a production rules or the terminals or the production rules or the terminals or the production rules or the terminals or the non- terminals. What are the rules which non- terminals. What are the rules which non- terminals. What are the rules which need to put? So in order to form any need to put? So in order to form any need to put? So in order to form any grammar we should have set of variables grammar we should have set of variables grammar we should have set of variables called non- terminal symbols which are called non- terminal symbols which are called non- terminal symbols which are not ending ones. Some terminals which not ending ones. Some terminals which not ending ones. Some terminals which are the ending ones. Some special are the ending ones. Some special are the ending ones. Some special variables which are known as a start variables which are known as a start variables which are known as a start variables and some rules to define it. A variables and some rules to define it. A variables and some rules to define it. A production rule has a formula a pointing production rule has a formula a pointing production rule has a formula a pointing to beta where a and b alpha or beta to beta where a and b alpha or beta to beta where a and b alpha or beta represents a subset of whole set of represents a subset of whole set of represents a subset of whole set of strings. So let's say for example we strings. So let's say for example we strings. So let's say for example we have a grammar s a b a ab a b s gives to have a grammar s a b a ab a b s gives to have a grammar s a b a ab a b s gives to a b a gives to a b gives to b. Now s a a b a gives to a b gives to b. Now s a a b a gives to a b gives to b. Now s a and b are non- terminal symbols here a and b are non- terminal symbols here a and b are non- terminal symbols here a and b are the terminal symbols here s is and b are the terminal symbols here s is and b are the terminal symbols here s is a start and p is a rule production a start and p is a rule production a start and p is a rule production rules. So rule says what? Rule says that rules. So rule says what? Rule says that rules. So rule says what? Rule says that non- terminal symbols giving to some non- terminal symbols giving to some non- terminal symbols giving to some more non- terminal symbols and non- more non- terminal symbols and non- more non- terminal symbols and non- terminal symbols giving to terminal terminal symbols giving to terminal terminal symbols giving to terminal symbols. Now if I'll take this let me symbols. Now if I'll take this let me symbols. Now if I'll take this let me take this and analyze it more. So we take this and analyze it more. So we take this and analyze it more. So we have let's say this rule s pointing to a have let's say this rule s pointing to a have let's say this rule s pointing to a b a pointing to a and b pointing to b. b a pointing to a and b pointing to b. b a pointing to a and b pointing to b. Now what is the start symbol? Start is Now what is the start symbol? Start is Now what is the start symbol? Start is ab. So I'll pick up this one and I can ab. So I'll pick up this one and I can ab. So I'll pick up this one and I can always replace a with what in the next always replace a with what in the next always replace a with what in the next line I can say a is pointing to a. This line I can say a is pointing to a. This line I can say a is pointing to a. This can be done. Similarly in the next line can be done. Similarly in the next line can be done. Similarly in the next line we can put B pointing to B. So sentence we can put B pointing to B. So sentence we can put B pointing to B. So sentence is having AB. This is the final answer. is having AB. This is the final answer. is having AB. This is the final answer. Now if you go down let's say we have Now if you go down let's say we have Now if you go down let's say we have another rule. Now the production rules another rule. Now the production rules another rule. Now the production rules are S is giving rise to this. This is are S is giving rise to this. This is are S is giving rise to this. This is giving rise to this and this is giving giving rise to this and this is giving giving rise to this and this is giving rise to epsylon. Epsylon means empty. So rise to epsylon. Epsylon means empty. So rise to epsylon. Epsylon means empty. So what is the start rule? Now what you can what is the start rule? Now what you can what is the start rule? Now what you can do is you can substitute a with what? A do is you can substitute a with what? A do is you can substitute a with what? A with a and capital A with what? A b. You with a and capital A with what? A b. You with a and capital A with what? A b. You can do that. Now you put small a and a can do that. Now you put small a and a can do that. Now you put small a and a with this right you can do that small a with this right you can do that small a with this right you can do that small a and capital a you can substitute with a and capital a you can substitute with a and capital a you can substitute with a a b now again small n a you can a b now again small n a you can a b now again small n a you can substitute it with this one so I'll put substitute it with this one so I'll put substitute it with this one so I'll put s pointing to a and a with b this one s pointing to a and a with b this one s pointing to a and a with b this one again this a and capital a would be again this a and capital a would be again this a and capital a would be substituted by what a a b I have done substituted by what a a b I have done substituted by what a a b I have done that and b was already already there so that and b was already already there so that and b was already already there so this is going to be the replacement this is going to be the replacement this is going to be the replacement again I'll go one more level up I can again I'll go one more level up I can again I'll go one more level up I can substitute this a with small play with substitute this a with small play with substitute this a with small play with what double A capital A B and previous what double A capital A B and previous what double A capital A B and previous B's again I can go up to the next level B's again I can go up to the next level B's again I can go up to the next level again I can go to the next level right again I can go to the next level right again I can go to the next level right we can go like this keep on going and we can go like this keep on going and we can go like this keep on going and finally this a camd can be replaced by finally this a camd can be replaced by finally this a camd can be replaced by epsylon epsylon means empty so we can epsylon epsylon means empty so we can epsylon epsylon means empty so we can get a final rule final string as this get a final rule final string as this get a final rule final string as this string so this is the final string which string so this is the final string which string so this is the final string which we get from this rule so we will discuss we get from this rule so we will discuss we get from this rule so we will discuss another important topic in LTK is known another important topic in LTK is known another important topic in LTK is known as context free grammar context free as context free grammar context free as context free grammar context free grammar is a layman terms a simple grammar is a layman terms a simple grammar is a layman terms a simple grammar where certain rules rules grammar where certain rules rules grammar where certain rules rules describe possible combination of word describe possible combination of word describe possible combination of word and phrases. We have seen that certain and phrases. We have seen that certain and phrases. We have seen that certain rules are describing the words. Context rules are describing the words. Context rules are describing the words. Context grammar is a pupil with four values N, grammar is a pupil with four values N, grammar is a pupil with four values N, sigma, R and S. N is a finite set of sigma, R and S. N is a finite set of sigma, R and S. N is a finite set of terminal symbols. Sigma is the alphabet terminal symbols. Sigma is the alphabet terminal symbols. Sigma is the alphabet of finite set of terminal symbols. R are of finite set of terminal symbols. R are of finite set of terminal symbols. R are the rules and S is a starting point. So the rules and S is a starting point. So the rules and S is a starting point. So we have seen all this. It generates a we have seen all this. It generates a we have seen all this. It generates a language by capturing consistency and language by capturing consistency and language by capturing consistency and ordering. For example, sentence is ordering. For example, sentence is ordering. For example, sentence is consisting of noun phrase and a verb consisting of noun phrase and a verb consisting of noun phrase and a verb phrase. Noun phrase determined nominal. phrase. Noun phrase determined nominal. phrase. Noun phrase determined nominal. Nominal deter n nor n nor n nor n nor n Nominal deter n nor n nor n nor n nor n Nominal deter n nor n nor n nor n nor n nor n nor n nor n nor n nor n normal is nor n nor n nor n nor n nor n normal is nor n nor n nor n nor n nor n normal is pointing to noun verb phrase is pointing pointing to noun verb phrase is pointing pointing to noun verb phrase is pointing to verb determinant is a noun is flight to verb determinant is a noun is flight to verb determinant is a noun is flight verb is left so let's say we have a word verb is left so let's say we have a word verb is left so let's say we have a word having these things as a rules given having these things as a rules given having these things as a rules given there sentence always consist of noun there sentence always consist of noun there sentence always consist of noun phrase and a verb phrase noun phrase can phrase and a verb phrase noun phrase can phrase and a verb phrase noun phrase can contain a determinant nominal can contain a determinant nominal can contain a determinant nominal can contain a noun so again this nominal contain a noun so again this nominal contain a noun so again this nominal which we are defining here can contain a which we are defining here can contain a which we are defining here can contain a noun or we can say in this terms let me noun or we can say in this terms let me noun or we can say in this terms let me put it in easier words so let me put it put it in easier words so let me put it put it in easier words so let me put it like this so according to this start like this so according to this start like this so according to this start point is let's say AB forget about noun point is let's say AB forget about noun point is let's say AB forget about noun and verb. A is pointing to C and D. D is and verb. A is pointing to C and D. D is and verb. A is pointing to C and D. D is pointing to small D noun which is the pointing to small D noun which is the pointing to small D noun which is the most nominal one. B is pointing to verb most nominal one. B is pointing to verb most nominal one. B is pointing to verb clause pointing to B and C is also clause pointing to B and C is also clause pointing to B and C is also capital here because determinant is capital here because determinant is capital here because determinant is capital. We have a rule for C. capital. We have a rule for C. capital. We have a rule for C. Determinant is pointing to A suppose Determinant is pointing to A suppose Determinant is pointing to A suppose some X. Noun is pointing to flight. So some X. Noun is pointing to flight. So some X. Noun is pointing to flight. So third rule is D. D is again capital to third rule is D. D is again capital to third rule is D. D is again capital to K. K is pointing to some flight maybe K. K is pointing to some flight maybe K. K is pointing to some flight maybe some word. Verb is again pointing to VP some word. Verb is again pointing to VP some word. Verb is again pointing to VP that is fourth one it is again B or M. M that is fourth one it is again B or M. M that is fourth one it is again B or M. M is pointing to left. So some kind of is pointing to left. So some kind of is pointing to left. So some kind of rule like this. So we have a certain set rule like this. So we have a certain set rule like this. So we have a certain set of rules based on that we are creating a of rules based on that we are creating a of rules based on that we are creating a sentences. This is what it says. A sentences. This is what it says. A sentences. This is what it says. A sentence can contain a noun phrase and a sentence can contain a noun phrase and a sentence can contain a noun phrase and a verb phrase. Again noun phrase can verb phrase. Again noun phrase can verb phrase. Again noun phrase can contain what within noun phrase what contain what within noun phrase what contain what within noun phrase what things are coming can contain what again things are coming can contain what again things are coming can contain what again that within that will contain what. So that within that will contain what. So that within that will contain what. So this says that the set of units S, NP this says that the set of units S, NP this says that the set of units S, NP and VP are in the language. S consists and VP are in the language. S consists and VP are in the language. S consists of NP followed by immediately VP doesn't of NP followed by immediately VP doesn't of NP followed by immediately VP doesn't say that that's like only kind of S. Nor say that that's like only kind of S. Nor say that that's like only kind of S. Nor does it say like there's only one place does it say like there's only one place does it say like there's only one place that NP and VP can occur. So there can that NP and VP can occur. So there can that NP and VP can occur. So there can be a combination of them as we have seen be a combination of them as we have seen be a combination of them as we have seen AA BB any number of combinations are AA BB any number of combinations are AA BB any number of combinations are coming. So we can create n number of coming. So we can create n number of coming. So we can create n number of sentences. So from this sheet which we sentences. So from this sheet which we sentences. So from this sheet which we have done in the past we can have n have done in the past we can have n have done in the past we can have n number of sentences there possibility number of sentences there possibility number of sentences there possibility right the minimum one and the maximum right the minimum one and the maximum right the minimum one and the maximum one. So we had a number of sentences. We one. So we had a number of sentences. We one. So we had a number of sentences. We can create a triple b. This is another can create a triple b. This is another can create a triple b. This is another sentence. This is another sentence. This sentence. This is another sentence. This sentence. This is another sentence. This is another sentence. So from the rule we is another sentence. So from the rule we is another sentence. So from the rule we can create multiple sentences. Right? So can create multiple sentences. Right? So can create multiple sentences. Right? So this is the intention of natural context this is the intention of natural context this is the intention of natural context free grammar. So let's implement NLP in free grammar. So let's implement NLP in free grammar. So let's implement NLP in this. Let's say we define context free this. Let's say we define context free this. Let's say we define context free grammar. There's a library called cfg grammar. There's a library called cfg grammar. There's a library called cfg inbuilt library. And from the string we inbuilt library. And from the string we inbuilt library. And from the string we define a rule. Sentence can contain a define a rule. Sentence can contain a define a rule. Sentence can contain a noun phrase and verb phrase. Verb phrase noun phrase and verb phrase. Verb phrase noun phrase and verb phrase. Verb phrase can contain a verb and a noun. Verb can can contain a verb and a noun. Verb can can contain a verb and a noun. Verb can be saw and met. Noun phrase can be John be saw and met. Noun phrase can be John be saw and met. Noun phrase can be John or Jim. Noun can be dog or cat. or Jim. Noun can be dog or cat. or Jim. Noun can be dog or cat. Basically, CFG you can have almost all Basically, CFG you can have almost all Basically, CFG you can have almost all the permutation of sentences as long as the permutation of sentences as long as the permutation of sentences as long as the above conditions are met. It should the above conditions are met. It should the above conditions are met. It should have a noun phrase followed by a verb have a noun phrase followed by a verb have a noun phrase followed by a verb phrase. Verb phrase will be having a phrase. Verb phrase will be having a phrase. Verb phrase will be having a verb and a noun. A verb can either be verb and a noun. A verb can either be verb and a noun. A verb can either be saw or met. A noun can be either job or saw or met. A noun can be either job or saw or met. A noun can be either job or gym. A noun can be either dog, a cat. gym. A noun can be either dog, a cat. gym. A noun can be either dog, a cat. So, we defined a rule and based on that So, we defined a rule and based on that So, we defined a rule and based on that rule, we can create any number of rule, we can create any number of rule, we can create any number of sentences and context grammar sentences and context grammar sentences and context grammar productions are these many. Verb can be productions are these many. Verb can be productions are these many. Verb can be verb and a noun. Verb can be saw, verb verb and a noun. Verb can be saw, verb verb and a noun. Verb can be saw, verb can be met, noun phrase can be John, can be met, noun phrase can be John, can be met, noun phrase can be John, noun phrase can be Jim, noun can be dog, noun phrase can be Jim, noun can be dog, noun phrase can be Jim, noun can be dog, noun can be cat. Productions is going to noun can be cat. Productions is going to noun can be cat. Productions is going to do what? All the permutation do what? All the permutation do what? All the permutation combinations which are possible with combinations which are possible with combinations which are possible with these rules. Productions function is these rules. Productions function is these rules. Productions function is going to give that. Now we've learned going to give that. Now we've learned going to give that. Now we've learned most of the concept. Let's automate the most of the concept. Let's automate the most of the concept. Let's automate the entire process of text paraphrasing. Now entire process of text paraphrasing. Now entire process of text paraphrasing. Now we create a function that will take we create a function that will take we create a function that will take sentence as an input and we'll tokenize sentence as an input and we'll tokenize sentence as an input and we'll tokenize it and tag it. Also we'll define context it and tag it. Also we'll define context it and tag it. Also we'll define context grammar for the same sentence. So this grammar for the same sentence. So this grammar for the same sentence. So this cfg paraphrase sentence is taking a cfg paraphrase sentence is taking a cfg paraphrase sentence is taking a sentence from you. It is going to do sentence from you. It is going to do sentence from you. It is going to do what? It is going to word tokenize it what? It is going to word tokenize it what? It is going to word tokenize it for 1 in TTK. So if it is NNP, it is for 1 in TTK. So if it is NNP, it is for 1 in TTK. So if it is NNP, it is going to add / single quotes over there. going to add / single quotes over there. going to add / single quotes over there. If it is a verb, again it is putting a If it is a verb, again it is putting a If it is a verb, again it is putting a single quotes over there. If it is a single quotes over there. If it is a single quotes over there. If it is a noun, it is putting a single quotes else noun, it is putting a single quotes else noun, it is putting a single quotes else it is passing. So any word which is it is passing. So any word which is it is passing. So any word which is reading after tokenizing if it is a noun reading after tokenizing if it is a noun reading after tokenizing if it is a noun because we have already done POS because we have already done POS because we have already done POS tagging. If the PS tagging you found tagging. If the PS tagging you found tagging. If the PS tagging you found it's a noun phrase, it's a verb phrase it's a noun phrase, it's a verb phrase it's a noun phrase, it's a verb phrase in the past tense or a present tense or in the past tense or a present tense or in the past tense or a present tense or if it is a noun simple, we're going to if it is a noun simple, we're going to if it is a noun simple, we're going to put it in a single quote. And we define put it in a single quote. And we define put it in a single quote. And we define a context free grammar as sentence a context free grammar as sentence a context free grammar as sentence should have noun phrase, verb phrase. should have noun phrase, verb phrase. should have noun phrase, verb phrase. Verb phrase contain noun and verb. Noun Verb phrase contain noun and verb. Noun Verb phrase contain noun and verb. Noun phrase can have anything. Verb phrase phrase can have anything. Verb phrase phrase can have anything. Verb phrase can have anything. Noun anything in the can have anything. Noun anything in the can have anything. Noun anything in the format of S NP. The one which we have format of S NP. The one which we have format of S NP. The one which we have defined above. Whenever these nouns are defined above. Whenever these nouns are defined above. Whenever these nouns are coming, put it in a single quotes. coming, put it in a single quotes. coming, put it in a single quotes. Whenever the verb is coming, put it in a Whenever the verb is coming, put it in a Whenever the verb is coming, put it in a single quotes. Whenever another noun is single quotes. Whenever another noun is single quotes. Whenever another noun is coming, put it in a single quotes. We coming, put it in a single quotes. We coming, put it in a single quotes. We define the rules for this. A sentence to define the rules for this. A sentence to define the rules for this. A sentence to generate John saw a long white boat. If generate John saw a long white boat. If generate John saw a long white boat. If you pass it, it will give a result as you pass it, it will give a result as you pass it, it will give a result as John saw boat. John saw boat. John saw boat. [music] Since the beginning of time, written Since the beginning of time, written Since the beginning of time, written texts have been a means to communicate, texts have been a means to communicate, texts have been a means to communicate, express, [music] express, [music] express, [music] and document something of significance. and document something of significance. and document something of significance. Even in the modern age, it has been Even in the modern age, it has been Even in the modern age, it has been proven a lot of times that [music] an proven a lot of times that [music] an proven a lot of times that [music] an individual's writing style can be a individual's writing style can be a individual's writing style can be a defining aspect of one's psyche. Ever defining aspect of one's psyche. Ever defining aspect of one's psyche. Ever since social media emerged, micro since social media emerged, micro since social media emerged, micro blogging became the new form of writing, blogging became the new form of writing, blogging became the new form of writing, expressing or documenting an event. This expressing or documenting an event. This expressing or documenting an event. This also gave rise to a lot of unstructured also gave rise to a lot of unstructured also gave rise to a lot of unstructured data and with it [music] a need to data and with it [music] a need to data and with it [music] a need to understand that data. Now this is where understand that data. Now this is where understand that data. Now this is where text classification can be put to our text classification can be put to our text classification can be put to our advantage. Text classification is advantage. Text classification is advantage. Text classification is nothing but classifying unstructured nothing but classifying unstructured nothing but classifying unstructured [music] text data into various [music] text data into various [music] text data into various categories. To further simplify how we categories. To further simplify how we categories. To further simplify how we use text classification, let's consider use text classification, let's consider use text classification, let's consider an [music] example. You have a product an [music] example. You have a product an [music] example. You have a product that was launched a while ago and you that was launched a while ago and you that was launched a while ago and you have also kept track [music] of all the have also kept track [music] of all the have also kept track [music] of all the reviews that the product got on all the reviews that the product got on all the reviews that the product got on all the platforms across the internet. Now, what platforms across the internet. Now, what platforms across the internet. Now, what you have is unstructured text data. you have is unstructured text data. you have is unstructured text data. [music] And to do text classification on [music] And to do text classification on [music] And to do text classification on this unstructured data, you can follow this unstructured data, you can follow this unstructured data, you can follow two approaches. One, you can either make two approaches. One, you can either make two approaches. One, you can either make a few rules where a collection of words a few rules where a collection of words a few rules where a collection of words [music] will decide the sentiment of the [music] will decide the sentiment of the [music] will decide the sentiment of the input text. This approach can be useful input text. This approach can be useful input text. This approach can be useful for a handful of data. But analyzing for a handful of data. But analyzing for a handful of data. But analyzing large sets of data is neither efficient large sets of data is neither efficient large sets of data is neither efficient nor cost effective. But a better nor cost effective. But a better nor cost effective. But a better approach is making use of natural approach is making use of natural approach is making use of natural language processing and classification language processing and classification language processing and classification using machine learning. For this we using machine learning. For this we using machine learning. For this we should train a classifier with a should train a classifier with a should train a classifier with a separate class labeled data and using separate class labeled data and using separate class labeled data and using this model we can do classification on this model we can do classification on this model we can do classification on the input data. When we give input to the input data. When we give input to the input data. When we give input to the classifier we will get an output the classifier we will get an output the classifier we will get an output with the class category based on our with the class category based on our with the class category based on our trained model telling us if the review trained model telling us if the review trained model telling us if the review is bad, average or good. This [music] is bad, average or good. This [music] is bad, average or good. This [music] way text classification on user reviews way text classification on user reviews way text classification on user reviews can help us improve user experience. can help us improve user experience. can help us improve user experience. Data is the new fuel. Thus, even bad Data is the new fuel. Thus, even bad Data is the new fuel. Thus, even bad reviews can help us identify the reviews can help us identify the reviews can help us identify the attributes which can help us improve our attributes which can help us improve our attributes which can help us improve our upcoming campaigns. Businesses and upcoming campaigns. Businesses and upcoming campaigns. Businesses and organizations are following this trend organizations are following this trend organizations are following this trend to understand user sentiment and [music] to understand user sentiment and [music] to understand user sentiment and [music] user behavior. Text classification can user behavior. Text classification can user behavior. Text classification can also be used for applications like spam also be used for applications like spam also be used for applications like spam detection in emails, [music] detection in emails, [music] detection in emails, [music] targeting customer needs, etc. In this targeting customer needs, etc. In this targeting customer needs, etc. In this day and age where data is generated day and age where data is generated day and age where data is generated every second of the day, text every second of the day, text every second of the day, text classification becomes an asset for any classification becomes an asset for any classification becomes an asset for any organization. [music] Supervised learning has many Supervised learning has many Supervised learning has many applications ranging from spam applications ranging from spam applications ranging from spam filtering, speech recognition to medical filtering, speech recognition to medical filtering, speech recognition to medical diagnosis to economic predictions and diagnosis to economic predictions and diagnosis to economic predictions and many more. So guys, without any ado, many more. So guys, without any ado, many more. So guys, without any ado, let's learn the ropes about covering the let's learn the ropes about covering the let's learn the ropes about covering the fundamentals of machine learning. Hello fundamentals of machine learning. Hello fundamentals of machine learning. Hello everyone, I welcome you all in today's everyone, I welcome you all in today's everyone, I welcome you all in today's session about what is supervised session about what is supervised session about what is supervised learning. Let's cover some of the basic learning. Let's cover some of the basic learning. Let's cover some of the basic insights about supervised learning insights about supervised learning insights about supervised learning followed by its essentials. But before followed by its essentials. But before followed by its essentials. But before we go ahead, if you haven't already, we go ahead, if you haven't already, we go ahead, if you haven't already, make sure to subscribe to the Edureka make sure to subscribe to the Edureka make sure to subscribe to the Edureka YouTube channel to never miss out on any YouTube channel to never miss out on any YouTube channel to never miss out on any updates from us. Also, if you're looking updates from us. Also, if you're looking updates from us. Also, if you're looking for any of the certification courses for any of the certification courses for any of the certification courses from Edureka, do check out the link from Edureka, do check out the link from Edureka, do check out the link given in the description below. Let's given in the description below. Let's given in the description below. Let's get ahead with our agenda for today. So get ahead with our agenda for today. So get ahead with our agenda for today. So firstly we see what is supervised firstly we see what is supervised firstly we see what is supervised learning exactly. Then we look at how learning exactly. Then we look at how learning exactly. Then we look at how supervised learning works followed by supervised learning works followed by supervised learning works followed by types of supervised machine learning types of supervised machine learning types of supervised machine learning algorithms and then we cover advantages algorithms and then we cover advantages algorithms and then we cover advantages of supervised learning followed by its of supervised learning followed by its of supervised learning followed by its disadvantages. So guys let's get ahead. disadvantages. So guys let's get ahead. disadvantages. So guys let's get ahead. So first question that arises is what is So first question that arises is what is So first question that arises is what is supervised learning? So guys, it is a supervised learning? So guys, it is a supervised learning? So guys, it is a type of machine learning in which a type of machine learning in which a type of machine learning in which a model is stored by using training data model is stored by using training data model is stored by using training data that has been identified by the model. that has been identified by the model. that has been identified by the model. So basically you supervise the learning So basically you supervise the learning So basically you supervise the learning process by giving the model both the process by giving the model both the process by giving the model both the data it needs to learn the right answers data it needs to learn the right answers data it needs to learn the right answers it should come up with and this idea for it should come up with and this idea for it should come up with and this idea for the model to learn a function that the model to learn a function that the model to learn a function that connects with the right inputs to the connects with the right inputs to the connects with the right inputs to the right outputs. This function can be then right outputs. This function can be then right outputs. This function can be then used to make predictions based on the used to make predictions based on the used to make predictions based on the data set that has not yet been seen. So data set that has not yet been seen. So data set that has not yet been seen. So this is the basic gesture of what is this is the basic gesture of what is this is the basic gesture of what is supervised learning. Let's go a bit deep supervised learning. Let's go a bit deep supervised learning. Let's go a bit deep and study how a supervised learning and study how a supervised learning and study how a supervised learning works. So in order for supervised works. So in order for supervised works. So in order for supervised learning to be effective, a data set learning to be effective, a data set learning to be effective, a data set which can be of a realtime use is which can be of a realtime use is which can be of a realtime use is required where both the input features required where both the input features required where both the input features and the output labels are already known. and the output labels are already known. and the output labels are already known. So by learning a function whose inputs So by learning a function whose inputs So by learning a function whose inputs and outputs are always changing is the and outputs are always changing is the and outputs are always changing is the goal here for supervised learning. So goal here for supervised learning. So goal here for supervised learning. So let's look at step-by-step explanation let's look at step-by-step explanation let's look at step-by-step explanation of how supervised learning functions. of how supervised learning functions. of how supervised learning functions. Firstly, let's start off with collecting Firstly, let's start off with collecting Firstly, let's start off with collecting label data. So here the first step is to label data. So here the first step is to label data. So here the first step is to collect a data set with the input collect a data set with the input collect a data set with the input features and their associated output features and their associated output features and their associated output labels. So the model will be trained labels. So the model will be trained labels. So the model will be trained using annotated data points which serves using annotated data points which serves using annotated data points which serves as a road map for the data sets. Next as a road map for the data sets. Next as a road map for the data sets. Next step followed is data cleaning and step followed is data cleaning and step followed is data cleaning and pre-processing. So guys this process is pre-processing. So guys this process is pre-processing. So guys this process is required for the training and validation required for the training and validation required for the training and validation in sets which is created and missing in sets which is created and missing in sets which is created and missing values is handled features can be values is handled features can be values is handled features can be normalized or scaled and categorical normalized or scaled and categorical normalized or scaled and categorical variables can be encoded. Next in terms variables can be encoded. Next in terms variables can be encoded. Next in terms of model selection so it's an essential of model selection so it's an essential of model selection so it's an essential machine learning method which is machine learning method which is machine learning method which is selected depending on the data and the selected depending on the data and the selected depending on the data and the problems that can be solved. This model problems that can be solved. This model problems that can be solved. This model could be regression model which is used could be regression model which is used could be regression model which is used to predict continuous outputs or a to predict continuous outputs or a to predict continuous outputs or a classification model which is used to classification model which is used to classification model which is used to predict discrete categories. Fourth, we predict discrete categories. Fourth, we predict discrete categories. Fourth, we have training the model. So once a model have training the model. So once a model have training the model. So once a model has been selected, it is then trained on has been selected, it is then trained on has been selected, it is then trained on the training set by the minimizing a the training set by the minimizing a the training set by the minimizing a loss of a function which can be done by loss of a function which can be done by loss of a function which can be done by iteratively altering its parameters. iteratively altering its parameters. iteratively altering its parameters. When comparing the model's prediction to When comparing the model's prediction to When comparing the model's prediction to the true labels in the training data, the true labels in the training data, the true labels in the training data, this loss function is used as a metric. this loss function is used as a metric. this loss function is used as a metric. Lastly, we have model evaluation. So by Lastly, we have model evaluation. So by Lastly, we have model evaluation. So by validating a set a subset of the data validating a set a subset of the data validating a set a subset of the data that was not used for training this is that was not used for training this is that was not used for training this is used to evaluate the model. Here the used to evaluate the model. Here the used to evaluate the model. Here the accuracy in classification issues and accuracy in classification issues and accuracy in classification issues and mean square error is used as the two mean square error is used as the two mean square error is used as the two examples for evaluation of the metrics. examples for evaluation of the metrics. examples for evaluation of the metrics. Next let's look at the types of Next let's look at the types of Next let's look at the types of supervised machine learning algorithms. supervised machine learning algorithms. supervised machine learning algorithms. So here we have two types which can be So here we have two types which can be So here we have two types which can be the classification algorithms and the classification algorithms and the classification algorithms and regression algorithms. So there are regression algorithms. So there are regression algorithms. So there are basically two by parts. Let's study one basically two by parts. Let's study one basically two by parts. Let's study one by one. So firstly let's talk about by one. So firstly let's talk about by one. So firstly let's talk about classification algorithms. Here firstly classification algorithms. Here firstly classification algorithms. Here firstly let's talk about logistic regression. So let's talk about logistic regression. So let's talk about logistic regression. So guys this regression is basically used guys this regression is basically used guys this regression is basically used for binary classification. This for binary classification. This for binary classification. This regression models the probability of a regression models the probability of a regression models the probability of a binary response based on one or more binary response based on one or more binary response based on one or more predictive values. Then let's talk about predictive values. Then let's talk about predictive values. Then let's talk about decision tree. So by using a treel like decision tree. So by using a treel like decision tree. So by using a treel like model to make decisions, decision tree model to make decisions, decision tree model to make decisions, decision tree is very helpful. This can be used for is very helpful. This can be used for is very helpful. This can be used for both classification and regression. Next both classification and regression. Next both classification and regression. Next let's talk about random forest. So what let's talk about random forest. So what let's talk about random forest. So what it is guys, it is an ensemblance method it is guys, it is an ensemblance method it is guys, it is an ensemblance method which uses multiple decision trees. It which uses multiple decision trees. It which uses multiple decision trees. It also aims to improve accuracy by also aims to improve accuracy by also aims to improve accuracy by reducing the overfitting. Next we have reducing the overfitting. Next we have reducing the overfitting. Next we have in the list is support vector machines. in the list is support vector machines. in the list is support vector machines. So what it is used for? It finds the So what it is used for? It finds the So what it is used for? It finds the hyper plane in the graph that best hyper plane in the graph that best hyper plane in the graph that best divides the classes in the feature space divides the classes in the feature space divides the classes in the feature space and this can be kernelized to handle and this can be kernelized to handle and this can be kernelized to handle nonlinear boundaries. K nearest nonlinear boundaries. K nearest nonlinear boundaries. K nearest algorithm which is also referred to as algorithm which is also referred to as algorithm which is also referred to as KN&amp;N algorithm. So guys this is used to KN&amp;N algorithm. So guys this is used to KN&amp;N algorithm. So guys this is used to classify a sample which is based on the classify a sample which is based on the classify a sample which is based on the majority classes of its k nearest majority classes of its k nearest majority classes of its k nearest neighbors in the feature space also. neighbors in the feature space also. neighbors in the feature space also. Then we have n base on applying base Then we have n base on applying base Then we have n base on applying base theorem with strong independent theorem with strong independent theorem with strong independent assumption. This can be an effective assumption. This can be an effective assumption. This can be an effective algorithm which is particularly algorithm which is particularly algorithm which is particularly effective in text classification task. effective in text classification task. effective in text classification task. Lastly let's talk about the neural Lastly let's talk about the neural Lastly let's talk about the neural networks and deep learning models. These networks and deep learning models. These networks and deep learning models. These are complex models that capture are complex models that capture are complex models that capture intricate patterns and boundaries which intricate patterns and boundaries which intricate patterns and boundaries which also includes architectures like also includes architectures like also includes architectures like convulation neural networks also known convulation neural networks also known convulation neural networks also known as CNN for image classification. So guys as CNN for image classification. So guys as CNN for image classification. So guys next let's look at regression next let's look at regression next let's look at regression algorithms. So firstly in the list we algorithms. So firstly in the list we algorithms. So firstly in the list we have linear regression. Linear have linear regression. Linear have linear regression. Linear regression is used to model the regression is used to model the regression is used to model the connection between a set of features and connection between a set of features and connection between a set of features and continuous metric. It is also very clear continuous metric. It is also very clear continuous metric. It is also very clear and easy to understand. Then we have and easy to understand. Then we have and easy to understand. Then we have regression by a polomial. So this is a regression by a polomial. So this is a regression by a polomial. So this is a method for modeling relationship that method for modeling relationship that method for modeling relationship that goes beyond those captured by linear goes beyond those captured by linear goes beyond those captured by linear regression. Next we have support vector regression. Next we have support vector regression. Next we have support vector regression which is to regress a vector regression which is to regress a vector regression which is to regress a vector with its support. So SVR tries to fit with its support. So SVR tries to fit with its support. So SVR tries to fit the best line within a predefined or the best line within a predefined or the best line within a predefined or acceptable error boundary. That is the acceptable error boundary. That is the acceptable error boundary. That is the use of support vector regression. Next use of support vector regression. Next use of support vector regression. Next let's talk about random forest let's talk about random forest let's talk about random forest regression and decision trees. So by regression and decision trees. So by regression and decision trees. So by making predictions by the numerical making predictions by the numerical making predictions by the numerical values rather than classes decision tree values rather than classes decision tree values rather than classes decision tree can be utilized also for regression. can be utilized also for regression. can be utilized also for regression. Combining several trees into one random Combining several trees into one random Combining several trees into one random forest aids for more accurate forest aids for more accurate forest aids for more accurate forecasting. Now let's move ahead to the forecasting. Now let's move ahead to the forecasting. Now let's move ahead to the advantages of supervised learning. So advantages of supervised learning. So advantages of supervised learning. So guys there are numerous benefits which guys there are numerous benefits which guys there are numerous benefits which make supervised learning a preferred make supervised learning a preferred make supervised learning a preferred machine learning paradigm. Supervised machine learning paradigm. Supervised machine learning paradigm. Supervised learning involves training an algorithm learning involves training an algorithm learning involves training an algorithm with input output pairs that have with input output pairs that have with input output pairs that have already been labeled. So here are the already been labeled. So here are the already been labeled. So here are the list of advantages which are very list of advantages which are very list of advantages which are very essential under supervised learning. So essential under supervised learning. So essential under supervised learning. So firstly in terms of anticipating firstly in terms of anticipating firstly in terms of anticipating outcomes, supervised learning algorithms outcomes, supervised learning algorithms outcomes, supervised learning algorithms have the ability to accurately have the ability to accurately have the ability to accurately anticipate the outcomes based on anticipate the outcomes based on anticipate the outcomes based on incomplete or missing data. They can incomplete or missing data. They can incomplete or missing data. They can generalize and anticipate outcomes for generalize and anticipate outcomes for generalize and anticipate outcomes for new and unknown occurrences by learning new and unknown occurrences by learning new and unknown occurrences by learning from prior data with known results. from prior data with known results. from prior data with known results. Next, let's talk about transparency. So Next, let's talk about transparency. So Next, let's talk about transparency. So guys, supervised learning is flexible guys, supervised learning is flexible guys, supervised learning is flexible since it may be used for solving many since it may be used for solving many since it may be used for solving many different purposes such as different purposes such as different purposes such as classification, regression, time series classification, regression, time series classification, regression, time series forecasting and many more. It's a forecasting and many more. It's a forecasting and many more. It's a flexible method that can be applied in flexible method that can be applied in flexible method that can be applied in many settings. Next is human many settings. Next is human many settings. Next is human interpretation. So guys, in this context interpretation. So guys, in this context interpretation. So guys, in this context of supervised learning algorithms, this of supervised learning algorithms, this of supervised learning algorithms, this refers to the ability to understand and refers to the ability to understand and refers to the ability to understand and explain the relationship between the explain the relationship between the explain the relationship between the input features and the model's input features and the model's input features and the model's predictions or decisions. It means that predictions or decisions. It means that predictions or decisions. It means that the output of certain algorithms can be the output of certain algorithms can be the output of certain algorithms can be analyzed in a way that provides insights analyzed in a way that provides insights analyzed in a way that provides insights into how each input feature contribute into how each input feature contribute into how each input feature contribute to the final output which allows humans to the final output which allows humans to the final output which allows humans to make sense of why the model is making to make sense of why the model is making to make sense of why the model is making certain predictions or decision. Next on certain predictions or decision. Next on certain predictions or decision. Next on the list we have active learning. So the list we have active learning. So the list we have active learning. So guys this is a technique used by guys this is a technique used by guys this is a technique used by supervised learning models in which they supervised learning models in which they supervised learning models in which they can actively seek out answers to their can actively seek out answers to their can actively seek out answers to their questions from oracle or human expert questions from oracle or human expert questions from oracle or human expert can be anything. Lastly, in terms of can be anything. Lastly, in terms of can be anything. Lastly, in terms of handling the missing data when the handling the missing data when the handling the missing data when the missing values can be deduced from the missing values can be deduced from the missing values can be deduced from the given data, supervised learning given data, supervised learning given data, supervised learning algorithms are better able to handle any algorithms are better able to handle any algorithms are better able to handle any missing value than any other machine missing value than any other machine missing value than any other machine learning techniques. Lastly, let's talk learning techniques. Lastly, let's talk learning techniques. Lastly, let's talk about the disadvantages of supervised about the disadvantages of supervised about the disadvantages of supervised learning. So guys, under supervised learning. So guys, under supervised learning. So guys, under supervised learning, there are some difficulties learning, there are some difficulties learning, there are some difficulties and drawbacks which are built into and drawbacks which are built into and drawbacks which are built into several learning and models as well. So several learning and models as well. So several learning and models as well. So guys, the first limitation we have need guys, the first limitation we have need guys, the first limitation we have need for label data. So guys, what does it for label data. So guys, what does it for label data. So guys, what does it mean? So guys, this means that the mean? So guys, this means that the mean? So guys, this means that the requirement for label data under each requirement for label data under each requirement for label data under each training example must have a label or a training example must have a label or a training example must have a label or a target value which is associated with target value which is associated with target value which is associated with the model. So obtaining accurate labels the model. So obtaining accurate labels the model. So obtaining accurate labels can be challenging or subjective in can be challenging or subjective in can be challenging or subjective in terms of domains which can make the terms of domains which can make the terms of domains which can make the acquisition of label data costly and acquisition of label data costly and acquisition of label data costly and timeconuming. Next we have data quality timeconuming. Next we have data quality timeconuming. Next we have data quality and bias. So guys the performance of the and bias. So guys the performance of the and bias. So guys the performance of the model is highly sensitive to the quality model is highly sensitive to the quality model is highly sensitive to the quality of the label data. It is possible for of the label data. It is possible for of the label data. It is possible for the model to learn and propagate flaws the model to learn and propagate flaws the model to learn and propagate flaws such as bias and incorrect predictions. such as bias and incorrect predictions. such as bias and incorrect predictions. If the data is noisy, contain errors or If the data is noisy, contain errors or If the data is noisy, contain errors or is prejudiced. It all affects the data is prejudiced. It all affects the data is prejudiced. It all affects the data quality and creates bias. Next, let's quality and creates bias. Next, let's quality and creates bias. Next, let's talk about overfitting. So, it's talk about overfitting. So, it's talk about overfitting. So, it's possible for the models to overfit the possible for the models to overfit the possible for the models to overfit the training data or to become too dependent training data or to become too dependent training data or to become too dependent on those examples rather than being able on those examples rather than being able on those examples rather than being able to generalize well to new information. to generalize well to new information. to generalize well to new information. Overfitting can occur when training data Overfitting can occur when training data Overfitting can occur when training data set is too small or when the model's set is too small or when the model's set is too small or when the model's complexity outstrips the available data. complexity outstrips the available data. complexity outstrips the available data. Fourth, we have limited generalization. Fourth, we have limited generalization. Fourth, we have limited generalization. So guys, these model can generalize well So guys, these model can generalize well So guys, these model can generalize well to the new data that follows the to the new data that follows the to the new data that follows the distribution similar to the training distribution similar to the training distribution similar to the training data. This model's performance may data. This model's performance may data. This model's performance may degrade if it is exposed to data that degrade if it is exposed to data that degrade if it is exposed to data that differs greatly from the training data. differs greatly from the training data. differs greatly from the training data. Lastly, we have time and resource Lastly, we have time and resource Lastly, we have time and resource intensiveness. So guys at high intensiveness. So guys at high intensiveness. So guys at high computational cost and under time computational cost and under time computational cost and under time commitment these are often very commitment these are often very commitment these are often very associated with the training of models. associated with the training of models. associated with the training of models. This can be true for big data sets or This can be true for big data sets or This can be true for big data sets or complicated models. This can restrict complicated models. This can restrict complicated models. This can restrict their usefulness in applications where their usefulness in applications where their usefulness in applications where time or resources are of great essence. So firstly let's talk about what exactly So firstly let's talk about what exactly So firstly let's talk about what exactly is unsupervised learning. So guys, you is unsupervised learning. So guys, you is unsupervised learning. So guys, you should know that the goal of should know that the goal of should know that the goal of unsupervised learning, which is a unsupervised learning, which is a unsupervised learning, which is a machine learning theory, is to have machine learning theory, is to have machine learning theory, is to have algorithm to discover patterns, algorithm to discover patterns, algorithm to discover patterns, structures or relationship within a data structures or relationship within a data structures or relationship within a data set without any human supervision or set without any human supervision or set without any human supervision or label instances. Unsupervised learning label instances. Unsupervised learning label instances. Unsupervised learning makes use of data that has not been makes use of data that has not been makes use of data that has not been structured in any way. Also, structured in any way. Also, structured in any way. Also, unsupervised learning seeks to identify unsupervised learning seeks to identify unsupervised learning seeks to identify hidden but present data structures such hidden but present data structures such hidden but present data structures such as groups, clusters, or patterns that as groups, clusters, or patterns that as groups, clusters, or patterns that could otherwise go unnoticed. Next let's could otherwise go unnoticed. Next let's could otherwise go unnoticed. Next let's talk about why to use unsupervised talk about why to use unsupervised talk about why to use unsupervised learning. So the capacity of learning. So the capacity of learning. So the capacity of unsupervised learning is to uncover unsupervised learning is to uncover unsupervised learning is to uncover pattern structure like discussed. So it pattern structure like discussed. So it pattern structure like discussed. So it can be useful for a broad variety of can be useful for a broad variety of can be useful for a broad variety of purposes and their implementation. So purposes and their implementation. So purposes and their implementation. So guys here are many of the most important guys here are many of the most important guys here are many of the most important benefits of unsupervised learning. First benefits of unsupervised learning. First benefits of unsupervised learning. First in the list we have outlier and anomaly in the list we have outlier and anomaly in the list we have outlier and anomaly detection. Here it is about a task that detection. Here it is about a task that detection. Here it is about a task that can be accomplished with unsupervised can be accomplished with unsupervised can be accomplished with unsupervised learning. So guys, these are out of the learning. So guys, these are out of the learning. So guys, these are out of the ordinary occurrences which should be ordinary occurrences which should be ordinary occurrences which should be looked into further since they could be looked into further since they could be looked into further since they could be signs of error, fraud or anything else. signs of error, fraud or anything else. signs of error, fraud or anything else. So this comes under outlier and anomaly So this comes under outlier and anomaly So this comes under outlier and anomaly detection. Next we have clustering detection. Next we have clustering detection. Next we have clustering algorithms which can assist you to find algorithms which can assist you to find algorithms which can assist you to find groups of similar data points which can groups of similar data points which can groups of similar data points which can be beneficial for customer segmentation, be beneficial for customer segmentation, be beneficial for customer segmentation, product grouping or even document product grouping or even document product grouping or even document categorization. So guys, this data can categorization. So guys, this data can categorization. So guys, this data can be used to improve marketing and be used to improve marketing and be used to improve marketing and recommended systems. Next we have in the recommended systems. Next we have in the recommended systems. Next we have in the list is image and text analysis. These list is image and text analysis. These list is image and text analysis. These can be the common applications of can be the common applications of can be the common applications of unsupervised learning. Here the learning unsupervised learning. Here the learning unsupervised learning. Here the learning makes use of dimensionality reduction makes use of dimensionality reduction makes use of dimensionality reduction techniques for applications of image techniques for applications of image techniques for applications of image analysis for instance which can help in analysis for instance which can help in analysis for instance which can help in the visualization of highdimensional the visualization of highdimensional the visualization of highdimensional image data and also clustering in text image data and also clustering in text image data and also clustering in text analysis by grouping comparable articles analysis by grouping comparable articles analysis by grouping comparable articles for topic modeling. Next let's talk for topic modeling. Next let's talk for topic modeling. Next let's talk about data privacy and anonymization. So about data privacy and anonymization. So about data privacy and anonymization. So guys, in unsupervised learning, it can guys, in unsupervised learning, it can guys, in unsupervised learning, it can be used to mask personally identifiable be used to mask personally identifiable be used to mask personally identifiable information from data while still information from data while still information from data while still preserving the underlying structure and preserving the underlying structure and preserving the underlying structure and patterns. This is the use for data patterns. This is the use for data patterns. This is the use for data privacy. So guys, unsupervised learning privacy. So guys, unsupervised learning privacy. So guys, unsupervised learning can also be used for dimensionality can also be used for dimensionality can also be used for dimensionality reduction which are useful in reduction which are useful in reduction which are useful in streamlining complicated data sets streamlining complicated data sets streamlining complicated data sets without sacrificing useful information without sacrificing useful information without sacrificing useful information through feature engineering and through feature engineering and through feature engineering and reduction techniques. So guys, this reduction techniques. So guys, this reduction techniques. So guys, this learning structure has the potential to learning structure has the potential to learning structure has the potential to boost model efficiency and speed up for boost model efficiency and speed up for boost model efficiency and speed up for future processing stages. So guys, now future processing stages. So guys, now future processing stages. So guys, now that we are familiar of why to use that we are familiar of why to use that we are familiar of why to use unsupervised learning, let's move ahead unsupervised learning, let's move ahead unsupervised learning, let's move ahead with the types of unsupervised learning. with the types of unsupervised learning. with the types of unsupervised learning. So guys, here we have two classification So guys, here we have two classification So guys, here we have two classification which is the clustering and association. which is the clustering and association. which is the clustering and association. So firstly let's talk about clustering So firstly let's talk about clustering So firstly let's talk about clustering which is a form of unsupervised learning which is a form of unsupervised learning which is a form of unsupervised learning and a process of identifying and and a process of identifying and and a process of identifying and grouping the data points with shared grouping the data points with shared grouping the data points with shared properties. So guys, all the patterns properties. So guys, all the patterns properties. So guys, all the patterns with shared properties are identified in with shared properties are identified in with shared properties are identified in this form. So guys, here the objective this form. So guys, here the objective this form. So guys, here the objective is to discover clusters and grouping in is to discover clusters and grouping in is to discover clusters and grouping in the data that can occur naturally or the data that can occur naturally or the data that can occur naturally or without the use of arbitrary labels. without the use of arbitrary labels. without the use of arbitrary labels. Here the motive is to find hidden Here the motive is to find hidden Here the motive is to find hidden patterns or structures in which your patterns or structures in which your patterns or structures in which your data can be a common use case for data can be a common use case for data can be a common use case for clustering. Let's take for example a clustering. Let's take for example a clustering. Let's take for example a data set which has the consumer in store data set which has the consumer in store data set which has the consumer in store actions. So cluster analysis can be used actions. So cluster analysis can be used actions. So cluster analysis can be used to group clients into subsets with to group clients into subsets with to group clients into subsets with similar buying habits. For instance, similar buying habits. For instance, similar buying habits. For instance, customer who tend to buy one type of customer who tend to buy one type of customer who tend to buy one type of goods more often than others might form goods more often than others might form goods more often than others might form one cluster while those who tend to buy one cluster while those who tend to buy one cluster while those who tend to buy a wide variety of things might form a wide variety of things might form a wide variety of things might form another. So guys, this is cluster another. So guys, this is cluster another. So guys, this is cluster analysis that allows you to find unique analysis that allows you to find unique analysis that allows you to find unique subsets without having to label them in subsets without having to label them in subsets without having to label them in advance. Now let's talk about advance. Now let's talk about advance. Now let's talk about association. So in unsupervised association. So in unsupervised association. So in unsupervised learning, association means it is a learning, association means it is a learning, association means it is a process of discovering relationship process of discovering relationship process of discovering relationship between variables in a data set without between variables in a data set without between variables in a data set without having to access to the labels. So guys, having to access to the labels. So guys, having to access to the labels. So guys, when the labels are known and supervised when the labels are known and supervised when the labels are known and supervised learning, the objective was to train a learning, the objective was to train a learning, the objective was to train a model to correctly predict the labels model to correctly predict the labels model to correctly predict the labels for fresh data. So guys, let's say you for fresh data. So guys, let's say you for fresh data. So guys, let's say you have information about grocery shoppers have information about grocery shoppers have information about grocery shoppers habits. So guys, here you find patterns habits. So guys, here you find patterns habits. So guys, here you find patterns like customer who buy bread also often like customer who buy bread also often like customer who buy bread also often buy milk. This could be discovered by buy milk. This could be discovered by buy milk. This could be discovered by association rule mining. So that's the association rule mining. So that's the association rule mining. So that's the application of it. These connection are application of it. These connection are application of it. These connection are useful as they can shed light on useful as they can shed light on useful as they can shed light on consumer habits and also inform consumer habits and also inform consumer habits and also inform advertising decision such as the advertising decision such as the advertising decision such as the placement of similar products in close placement of similar products in close placement of similar products in close proximity to one another and to promote proximity to one another and to promote proximity to one another and to promote cross-selling. Now that we took a good cross-selling. Now that we took a good cross-selling. Now that we took a good look about clustering and association, look about clustering and association, look about clustering and association, let's move ahead with how does let's move ahead with how does let's move ahead with how does unsupervised learning work. So guys, for unsupervised learning work. So guys, for unsupervised learning work. So guys, for this learning to be effective, the data this learning to be effective, the data this learning to be effective, the data being studied must be completely being studied must be completely being studied must be completely unlabeled and unclassified for this to unlabeled and unclassified for this to unlabeled and unclassified for this to work. So large amounts of data are work. So large amounts of data are work. So large amounts of data are needed for unsupervised machine needed for unsupervised machine needed for unsupervised machine learning. So what data scientists do is learning. So what data scientists do is learning. So what data scientists do is they start the process by training they start the process by training they start the process by training algorithms on training data sets. These algorithms on training data sets. These algorithms on training data sets. These data sets do not have properly labeled data sets do not have properly labeled data sets do not have properly labeled and categorized data points. So the and categorized data points. So the and categorized data points. So the learning objective of the method is to learning objective of the method is to learning objective of the method is to discover patterns in the data set and discover patterns in the data set and discover patterns in the data set and classify the points according to those classify the points according to those classify the points according to those patterns. So guys, unsupervised learning patterns. So guys, unsupervised learning patterns. So guys, unsupervised learning system may be trained to recognize system may be trained to recognize system may be trained to recognize characteristic traits like whiskers, characteristic traits like whiskers, characteristic traits like whiskers, long tails, etc. by analyzing the photo long tails, etc. by analyzing the photo long tails, etc. by analyzing the photo of the cats for example without the of the cats for example without the of the cats for example without the requirement for labels. Unsupervised requirement for labels. Unsupervised requirement for labels. Unsupervised learning improves corporate insights and learning improves corporate insights and learning improves corporate insights and decision making related to the customer decision making related to the customer decision making related to the customer behavior. Next let's move on to the behavior. Next let's move on to the behavior. Next let's move on to the advantages of unsupervised learning. So advantages of unsupervised learning. So advantages of unsupervised learning. So here first advantage is that there are here first advantage is that there are here first advantage is that there are no labels required. So since no labels required. So since no labels required. So since unsupervised learning doesn't require unsupervised learning doesn't require unsupervised learning doesn't require any label data, it can be applied to a any label data, it can be applied to a any label data, it can be applied to a wide variety of data sets for which wide variety of data sets for which wide variety of data sets for which getting labels would be inconvenient and getting labels would be inconvenient and getting labels would be inconvenient and comparatively expensive. Next, in terms comparatively expensive. Next, in terms comparatively expensive. Next, in terms of exploring the data, unsupervised of exploring the data, unsupervised of exploring the data, unsupervised learning can unearth structures and learning can unearth structures and learning can unearth structures and patterns in the data that could patterns in the data that could patterns in the data that could otherwise be concealed from human eyes. otherwise be concealed from human eyes. otherwise be concealed from human eyes. Next, we have in terms of future Next, we have in terms of future Next, we have in terms of future discovery. So, by using unsupervised discovery. So, by using unsupervised discovery. So, by using unsupervised methods, we may better understand that methods, we may better understand that methods, we may better understand that the data and the relevant features will the data and the relevant features will the data and the relevant features will improve the accuracy and efficiency of improve the accuracy and efficiency of improve the accuracy and efficiency of the subsequent machine learning models. the subsequent machine learning models. the subsequent machine learning models. Moving on, we have anomaly detection Moving on, we have anomaly detection Moving on, we have anomaly detection which can be useful for spotting fraud which can be useful for spotting fraud which can be useful for spotting fraud errors and out of the ordinary behavior. errors and out of the ordinary behavior. errors and out of the ordinary behavior. So anomaly detection seeks out to figure So anomaly detection seeks out to figure So anomaly detection seeks out to figure and highlight these outlying data and highlight these outlying data and highlight these outlying data points. Lastly, in terms of reduced points. Lastly, in terms of reduced points. Lastly, in terms of reduced biases. So unsupervised learning can biases. So unsupervised learning can biases. So unsupervised learning can help estimate the possible biases which help estimate the possible biases which help estimate the possible biases which can be caused by human assessments can be caused by human assessments can be caused by human assessments because it does not rely on human because it does not rely on human because it does not rely on human labelled data. So lastly moving on with labelled data. So lastly moving on with labelled data. So lastly moving on with the problems of unsupervised learning. the problems of unsupervised learning. the problems of unsupervised learning. So firstly we have lack of ground truth. So firstly we have lack of ground truth. So firstly we have lack of ground truth. So guys, since unsupervised learning So guys, since unsupervised learning So guys, since unsupervised learning does not require labelled data, there is does not require labelled data, there is does not require labelled data, there is no absolute standard by which to judge no absolute standard by which to judge no absolute standard by which to judge the quality of the model's prediction. the quality of the model's prediction. the quality of the model's prediction. This can make it hard to evaluate the This can make it hard to evaluate the This can make it hard to evaluate the effectiveness of the acquired clusters effectiveness of the acquired clusters effectiveness of the acquired clusters and patterns. Next we have is the and patterns. Next we have is the and patterns. Next we have is the challenges with subjective challenges with subjective challenges with subjective interpretation. So guys, unsupervised interpretation. So guys, unsupervised interpretation. So guys, unsupervised learning algorithm discovers patterns or learning algorithm discovers patterns or learning algorithm discovers patterns or clusters that may lend themsel to easy clusters that may lend themsel to easy clusters that may lend themsel to easy objective interpretation. Here the objective interpretation. Here the objective interpretation. Here the context and individual's perspective context and individual's perspective context and individual's perspective might play a role of determining the might play a role of determining the might play a role of determining the meaning of these patterns. Lastly, what meaning of these patterns. Lastly, what meaning of these patterns. Lastly, what we have is overfitting. So guys, we have is overfitting. So guys, we have is overfitting. So guys, unsupervised learning lacks supervision unsupervised learning lacks supervision unsupervised learning lacks supervision of the label data that may produce of the label data that may produce of the label data that may produce patterns or clusters that are not patterns or clusters that are not patterns or clusters that are not transferable to unseen data. Overfitting transferable to unseen data. Overfitting transferable to unseen data. Overfitting can occur when a model incorrectly can occur when a model incorrectly can occur when a model incorrectly collects data because of its collects data because of its collects data because of its specificity. So guys, these were quite a specificity. So guys, these were quite a specificity. So guys, these were quite a few illustrations about unsupervised few illustrations about unsupervised few illustrations about unsupervised learning. learning. learning. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; What is classification? &gt;&gt; What is classification? &gt;&gt; What is classification? I hope everyone of you must have used I hope everyone of you must have used I hope everyone of you must have used Gmail. So, how do you think the mail is Gmail. So, how do you think the mail is Gmail. So, how do you think the mail is getting classified as a spam or not a getting classified as a spam or not a getting classified as a spam or not a spam mail? Well, there's nothing but spam mail? Well, there's nothing but spam mail? Well, there's nothing but classification. So, what it is? Well, classification. So, what it is? Well, classification. So, what it is? Well, classification is the process of classification is the process of classification is the process of dividing the data set into different dividing the data set into different dividing the data set into different categories or groups by adding label. In categories or groups by adding label. In categories or groups by adding label. In other way, you can say that it is a other way, you can say that it is a other way, you can say that it is a technique of categorizing the technique of categorizing the technique of categorizing the observation into different category. So observation into different category. So observation into different category. So basically what you're doing is you are basically what you're doing is you are basically what you're doing is you are taking the data analyzing it and on the taking the data analyzing it and on the taking the data analyzing it and on the basis of some condition you finally basis of some condition you finally basis of some condition you finally divide into various categories. Now why divide into various categories. Now why divide into various categories. Now why do we classify it? Well we classify it do we classify it? Well we classify it do we classify it? Well we classify it to perform predictive analysis on it. to perform predictive analysis on it. to perform predictive analysis on it. Like when you get the mail the machine Like when you get the mail the machine Like when you get the mail the machine predicts it to be a spam or not a spam predicts it to be a spam or not a spam predicts it to be a spam or not a spam mail and on the basis of that prediction mail and on the basis of that prediction mail and on the basis of that prediction it add the irrelevant or spam mail to it add the irrelevant or spam mail to it add the irrelevant or spam mail to the respective folder. In general, this the respective folder. In general, this the respective folder. In general, this classification algorithm handled classification algorithm handled classification algorithm handled questions like is this data belongs to A questions like is this data belongs to A questions like is this data belongs to A category or B category? Like is this a category or B category? Like is this a category or B category? Like is this a male or is this a female? Something like male or is this a female? Something like male or is this a female? Something like that. Are you getting it? Okay fine. Now that. Are you getting it? Okay fine. Now that. Are you getting it? Okay fine. Now the question arises where will you use the question arises where will you use the question arises where will you use it? Well, you can use this for fraud it? Well, you can use this for fraud it? Well, you can use this for fraud detection or to check whether the detection or to check whether the detection or to check whether the transaction is genuine or not. Suppose transaction is genuine or not. Suppose transaction is genuine or not. Suppose I'm using a credit card here in India. I'm using a credit card here in India. I'm using a credit card here in India. Now due to some reason I had to fly to Now due to some reason I had to fly to Now due to some reason I had to fly to Dubai. Now if I'm using the credit card Dubai. Now if I'm using the credit card Dubai. Now if I'm using the credit card over there, I'll get a notification over there, I'll get a notification over there, I'll get a notification alert regarding my transaction. They alert regarding my transaction. They alert regarding my transaction. They would ask me to confirm about the would ask me to confirm about the would ask me to confirm about the transaction. So this is also a kind of transaction. So this is also a kind of transaction. So this is also a kind of predictive analysis as the machine predictive analysis as the machine predictive analysis as the machine predicts that something fishy is in the predicts that something fishy is in the predicts that something fishy is in the transaction as 24hour ago I made the transaction as 24hour ago I made the transaction as 24hour ago I made the transaction using the same credit card transaction using the same credit card transaction using the same credit card in India and 24hour later the same in India and 24hour later the same in India and 24hour later the same credit card is being used for the credit card is being used for the credit card is being used for the payment in Dubai. So the machine payment in Dubai. So the machine payment in Dubai. So the machine predicts that something fishy is going predicts that something fishy is going predicts that something fishy is going on in the transaction. So in order to on in the transaction. So in order to on in the transaction. So in order to confirm it, it sends you a notification confirm it, it sends you a notification confirm it, it sends you a notification alert. Well, this is one of the use case alert. Well, this is one of the use case alert. Well, this is one of the use case of classification. You can even use it of classification. You can even use it of classification. You can even use it to classify different items like fruits to classify different items like fruits to classify different items like fruits on the bas of its taste, color, size or on the bas of its taste, color, size or on the bas of its taste, color, size or weight. A machine well trained using the weight. A machine well trained using the weight. A machine well trained using the classification algorithm can easily classification algorithm can easily classification algorithm can easily predict the class or the type of fruit predict the class or the type of fruit predict the class or the type of fruit whenever new data is given to it. Not whenever new data is given to it. Not whenever new data is given to it. Not just the fruit, it can be any item. It just the fruit, it can be any item. It just the fruit, it can be any item. It can be a car, it can be a house, it can can be a car, it can be a house, it can can be a car, it can be a house, it can be a sign board or anything. Have you be a sign board or anything. Have you be a sign board or anything. Have you noticed that while you visit some sites noticed that while you visit some sites noticed that while you visit some sites or you try to login into some you get a or you try to login into some you get a or you try to login into some you get a picture capture for that right where you picture capture for that right where you picture capture for that right where you have to identify whether the given image have to identify whether the given image have to identify whether the given image is of a car or it's of a pole or not you is of a car or it's of a pole or not you is of a car or it's of a pole or not you have to select it for example there are have to select it for example there are have to select it for example there are 10 images and you're selecting three 10 images and you're selecting three 10 images and you're selecting three images out of it so in a way you are images out of it so in a way you are images out of it so in a way you are training the machine right you're training the machine right you're training the machine right you're telling that these three are the picture telling that these three are the picture telling that these three are the picture of a car and rest are not so who knows of a car and rest are not so who knows of a car and rest are not so who knows you're training it for something big you're training it for something big you're training it for something big right so moving on ahead let's discuss right so moving on ahead let's discuss right so moving on ahead let's discuss the types of classification the types of classification the types of classification All right. Well, there are several All right. Well, there are several All right. Well, there are several different ways to perform a same task. different ways to perform a same task. different ways to perform a same task. Like in order to predict whether a given Like in order to predict whether a given Like in order to predict whether a given person is a male or a female, the person is a male or a female, the person is a male or a female, the machine had to be trained first. All machine had to be trained first. All machine had to be trained first. All right. But there are multiple ways to right. But there are multiple ways to right. But there are multiple ways to train the machine and you can choose any train the machine and you can choose any train the machine and you can choose any one of them. Just for predictive one of them. Just for predictive one of them. Just for predictive analytics, there are many different analytics, there are many different analytics, there are many different techniques. But the most common of them techniques. But the most common of them techniques. But the most common of them all is the decision tree which we'll all is the decision tree which we'll all is the decision tree which we'll cover in depth in today's session. So as cover in depth in today's session. So as cover in depth in today's session. So as a part of classification algorithm we a part of classification algorithm we a part of classification algorithm we have decision tree, random forest, have decision tree, random forest, have decision tree, random forest, neighbors, k nearest neighbor, logistic neighbors, k nearest neighbor, logistic neighbors, k nearest neighbor, logistic regression, linear regression, support regression, linear regression, support regression, linear regression, support vector machines and so on. There are vector machines and so on. There are vector machines and so on. There are many. All right. So let me give you idea many. All right. So let me give you idea many. All right. So let me give you idea about few of them. Starting with about few of them. Starting with about few of them. Starting with decision tree. Well, decision tree is a decision tree. Well, decision tree is a decision tree. Well, decision tree is a graphical representation of all the graphical representation of all the graphical representation of all the possible solution to a decision. The possible solution to a decision. The possible solution to a decision. The decisions which are made, they can be decisions which are made, they can be decisions which are made, they can be explained very easily. explained very easily. explained very easily. For example, here is a task which says For example, here is a task which says For example, here is a task which says that should I go to a restaurant or that should I go to a restaurant or that should I go to a restaurant or should I buy a hamburger? You are should I buy a hamburger? You are should I buy a hamburger? You are confused on that. So for that what confused on that. So for that what confused on that. So for that what you'll do? You'll create a decision tree you'll do? You'll create a decision tree you'll do? You'll create a decision tree for it. Starting with the root node will for it. Starting with the root node will for it. Starting with the root node will be first of all you'll check whether you be first of all you'll check whether you be first of all you'll check whether you are hungry or not. All right. If you're are hungry or not. All right. If you're are hungry or not. All right. If you're not hungry then just go back to sleep. not hungry then just go back to sleep. not hungry then just go back to sleep. Right? If you are hungry and you have Right? If you are hungry and you have Right? If you are hungry and you have $25 then you'll decide to go to $25 then you'll decide to go to $25 then you'll decide to go to restaurant. And if you're hungry and you restaurant. And if you're hungry and you restaurant. And if you're hungry and you don't have $25 then you'll just go and don't have $25 then you'll just go and don't have $25 then you'll just go and buy a hamburger. That's it. All right. buy a hamburger. That's it. All right. buy a hamburger. That's it. All right. So this is about decision tree. Now So this is about decision tree. Now So this is about decision tree. Now moving on ahead, let's see what is a moving on ahead, let's see what is a moving on ahead, let's see what is a random forest. Well, random forest build random forest. Well, random forest build random forest. Well, random forest build multiple decision trees and merges them multiple decision trees and merges them multiple decision trees and merges them together to get a more accurate and together to get a more accurate and together to get a more accurate and stable prediction. All right. Most of stable prediction. All right. Most of stable prediction. All right. Most of the time random forest is trained with a the time random forest is trained with a the time random forest is trained with a bagging method. The bagging method is bagging method. The bagging method is bagging method. The bagging method is based on the idea that the combination based on the idea that the combination based on the idea that the combination of learning model increases the overall of learning model increases the overall of learning model increases the overall result. If you're combining the learning result. If you're combining the learning result. If you're combining the learning from different models and then clubbing from different models and then clubbing from different models and then clubbing it together, what it will do? It will it together, what it will do? It will it together, what it will do? It will increase the overall result. Fine. Just increase the overall result. Fine. Just increase the overall result. Fine. Just one more thing. If the size of your data one more thing. If the size of your data one more thing. If the size of your data set is huge, then in that case, one set is huge, then in that case, one set is huge, then in that case, one single decision tree would lead to a single decision tree would lead to a single decision tree would lead to a overfitit model. Same way like a single overfitit model. Same way like a single overfitit model. Same way like a single person might have its own perspective on person might have its own perspective on person might have its own perspective on the complete population as the the complete population as the the complete population as the population is very huge. Right? However, population is very huge. Right? However, population is very huge. Right? However, if we implement the voting system and if we implement the voting system and if we implement the voting system and ask different individual to interpret ask different individual to interpret ask different individual to interpret the data, then we would be able to cover the data, then we would be able to cover the data, then we would be able to cover the pattern in a much meticulous way. the pattern in a much meticulous way. the pattern in a much meticulous way. Even from the diagram, you can see that Even from the diagram, you can see that Even from the diagram, you can see that in section A, we have a large training in section A, we have a large training in section A, we have a large training data set. What we do? We first divide data set. What we do? We first divide data set. What we do? We first divide our training data set into n subsamples. our training data set into n subsamples. our training data set into n subsamples. All right? And we create a decision tree All right? And we create a decision tree All right? And we create a decision tree for each subsample. Now, in the B part, for each subsample. Now, in the B part, for each subsample. Now, in the B part, what we do, we take the vote out of what we do, we take the vote out of what we do, we take the vote out of every decision made by every decision every decision made by every decision every decision made by every decision tree. And finally we club the vote to tree. And finally we club the vote to tree. And finally we club the vote to get the random forest decision. Fine. get the random forest decision. Fine. get the random forest decision. Fine. Let's move on ahead. Next we have n Let's move on ahead. Next we have n Let's move on ahead. Next we have n bias. So n bias is a classification bias. So n bias is a classification bias. So n bias is a classification technique which is based on base technique which is based on base technique which is based on base theorem. It assumes that presence of any theorem. It assumes that presence of any theorem. It assumes that presence of any particular feature in a class is particular feature in a class is particular feature in a class is completely unrelated to the presence of completely unrelated to the presence of completely unrelated to the presence of any other feature. Neigh bias is simple any other feature. Neigh bias is simple any other feature. Neigh bias is simple and easy to implement algorithm and due and easy to implement algorithm and due and easy to implement algorithm and due to its simplicity this algorithm might to its simplicity this algorithm might to its simplicity this algorithm might outperform more complex model when the outperform more complex model when the outperform more complex model when the size of the data set is not large size of the data set is not large size of the data set is not large enough. All right. A classical use case enough. All right. A classical use case enough. All right. A classical use case of name bias is a document of name bias is a document of name bias is a document classification. In that what you do you classification. In that what you do you classification. In that what you do you determine whether given text corresponds determine whether given text corresponds determine whether given text corresponds to one or more categories. In the text to one or more categories. In the text to one or more categories. In the text case the features used might be the case the features used might be the case the features used might be the presence or absence of any keyword. So presence or absence of any keyword. So presence or absence of any keyword. So this was about nave. From the diagram this was about nave. From the diagram this was about nave. From the diagram you can see that using nave bias we have you can see that using nave bias we have you can see that using nave bias we have to decide whether we have a disease or to decide whether we have a disease or to decide whether we have a disease or not. First what we do we check the not. First what we do we check the not. First what we do we check the probability of having a disease and not probability of having a disease and not probability of having a disease and not having the disease. Right? Probability having the disease. Right? Probability having the disease. Right? Probability of having a disease is 0.1 while on the of having a disease is 0.1 while on the of having a disease is 0.1 while on the other hand probability of not having a other hand probability of not having a other hand probability of not having a disease is 0.9. Okay. First let's see disease is 0.9. Okay. First let's see disease is 0.9. Okay. First let's see when we have disease and we go to when we have disease and we go to when we have disease and we go to doctor. All right. So when we visited doctor. All right. So when we visited doctor. All right. So when we visited the doctor and the test is positive. So the doctor and the test is positive. So the doctor and the test is positive. So probability of having a positive test probability of having a positive test probability of having a positive test when you're having a disease is 0.80 and when you're having a disease is 0.80 and when you're having a disease is 0.80 and probability of a negative test when you probability of a negative test when you probability of a negative test when you already have a disease that is 0.20. already have a disease that is 0.20. already have a disease that is 0.20. This is also a false negative statement This is also a false negative statement This is also a false negative statement as the test is detecting negative but as the test is detecting negative but as the test is detecting negative but you still have the disease right? So you still have the disease right? So you still have the disease right? So it's a false negative statement. Now it's a false negative statement. Now it's a false negative statement. Now let's move ahead when you don't have the let's move ahead when you don't have the let's move ahead when you don't have the disease at all. So probability of not disease at all. So probability of not disease at all. So probability of not having a disease is 0.9. And when you having a disease is 0.9. And when you having a disease is 0.9. And when you visit the doctor and the doctor is like visit the doctor and the doctor is like visit the doctor and the doctor is like yes you have the disease but you already yes you have the disease but you already yes you have the disease but you already know that you don't have the disease. So know that you don't have the disease. So know that you don't have the disease. So it's a false positive statement. So it's a false positive statement. So it's a false positive statement. So probability of having a disease when you probability of having a disease when you probability of having a disease when you actually know there is no disease is 0.1 actually know there is no disease is 0.1 actually know there is no disease is 0.1 and probability of not having a disease and probability of not having a disease and probability of not having a disease when you actually know there is no when you actually know there is no when you actually know there is no disease. So and the probability of it is disease. So and the probability of it is disease. So and the probability of it is around 0.90. Fine. It is same as around 0.90. Fine. It is same as around 0.90. Fine. It is same as probability of not having a disease. probability of not having a disease. probability of not having a disease. Even the test is showing the same Even the test is showing the same Even the test is showing the same result. It's a true positive statement. result. It's a true positive statement. result. It's a true positive statement. So it is 0.9. All right. So let's move So it is 0.9. All right. So let's move So it is 0.9. All right. So let's move on ahead and discuss about KN&amp;N on ahead and discuss about KN&amp;N on ahead and discuss about KN&amp;N algorithm. So this KN&amp;N algorithm or the algorithm. So this KN&amp;N algorithm or the algorithm. So this KN&amp;N algorithm or the K [clears throat] nearest neighbor. It K [clears throat] nearest neighbor. It K [clears throat] nearest neighbor. It stores all the available cases and stores all the available cases and stores all the available cases and classifies new cases based on the classifies new cases based on the classifies new cases based on the similarity measure. The K in the KN&amp;N similarity measure. The K in the KN&amp;N similarity measure. The K in the KN&amp;N algorithm is the nearest neighbor we algorithm is the nearest neighbor we algorithm is the nearest neighbor we wish to take vote from. For example, if wish to take vote from. For example, if wish to take vote from. For example, if K equal 1, then the object is simply K equal 1, then the object is simply K equal 1, then the object is simply assigned to the class of that single assigned to the class of that single assigned to the class of that single nearest neighbor. From the diagram, you nearest neighbor. From the diagram, you nearest neighbor. From the diagram, you can see the difference in the image when can see the difference in the image when can see the difference in the image when k= 1, k= 3, and k= 5. Right? Well, the k= 1, k= 3, and k= 5. Right? Well, the k= 1, k= 3, and k= 5. Right? Well, the modern systems are now able to use the k modern systems are now able to use the k modern systems are now able to use the k nearest neighbor for visual pattern nearest neighbor for visual pattern nearest neighbor for visual pattern recognization to scan and detect hidden recognization to scan and detect hidden recognization to scan and detect hidden packages in the bottom bin of a shopping packages in the bottom bin of a shopping packages in the bottom bin of a shopping cart at the checkout. If an object is cart at the checkout. If an object is cart at the checkout. If an object is detected, which matches exactly to the detected, which matches exactly to the detected, which matches exactly to the object listed in the database, then the object listed in the database, then the object listed in the database, then the price of the spotted product could even price of the spotted product could even price of the spotted product could even automatically be added to the customer's automatically be added to the customer's automatically be added to the customer's bill. While this automated billing bill. While this automated billing bill. While this automated billing practice is not used extensively at this practice is not used extensively at this practice is not used extensively at this time but the technology has been time but the technology has been time but the technology has been developed and is available for use. If developed and is available for use. If developed and is available for use. If you want you can just use it. And yeah you want you can just use it. And yeah you want you can just use it. And yeah one more thing K nearest neighbor is one more thing K nearest neighbor is one more thing K nearest neighbor is also used in retail to detect patterns also used in retail to detect patterns also used in retail to detect patterns in the credit card users. Many new in the credit card users. Many new in the credit card users. Many new transaction scrutinizing software transaction scrutinizing software transaction scrutinizing software application use cannon algorithms to application use cannon algorithms to application use cannon algorithms to analyze register data and spot unusual analyze register data and spot unusual analyze register data and spot unusual pattern that indicate suspicious pattern that indicate suspicious pattern that indicate suspicious activity. For example, if register data activity. For example, if register data activity. For example, if register data indicates that a lot of customers indicates that a lot of customers indicates that a lot of customers information is being entered manually information is being entered manually information is being entered manually rather than through automated scanning rather than through automated scanning rather than through automated scanning and swapping, then in that case, this and swapping, then in that case, this and swapping, then in that case, this could indicate that the employees who could indicate that the employees who could indicate that the employees who are using the register are in fact are using the register are in fact are using the register are in fact stealing customers personal information. stealing customers personal information. stealing customers personal information. Or if a register data indicates that a Or if a register data indicates that a Or if a register data indicates that a particular good is being returned or particular good is being returned or particular good is being returned or exchanged multiple times, this could exchanged multiple times, this could exchanged multiple times, this could indicate that employees are misusing the indicate that employees are misusing the indicate that employees are misusing the return policy or trying to make money return policy or trying to make money return policy or trying to make money from doing the fake returns. Right? So from doing the fake returns. Right? So from doing the fake returns. Right? So this was about KN&amp;N algorithm. Fine. Since our main focus for this session Since our main focus for this session Since our main focus for this session will be on decision tree. So starting will be on decision tree. So starting will be on decision tree. So starting with what is decision tree. But first with what is decision tree. But first with what is decision tree. But first let me tell you why did we choose let me tell you why did we choose let me tell you why did we choose decision tree to start with. Well these decision tree to start with. Well these decision tree to start with. Well these decision tree are really very easy to decision tree are really very easy to decision tree are really very easy to read and understand. It belongs to one read and understand. It belongs to one read and understand. It belongs to one of the few models that are interpretable of the few models that are interpretable of the few models that are interpretable where you can understand exactly why the where you can understand exactly why the where you can understand exactly why the classifier has made that particular classifier has made that particular classifier has made that particular decision. Right? Let me tell you a fact decision. Right? Let me tell you a fact decision. Right? Let me tell you a fact that for a given data set you cannot say that for a given data set you cannot say that for a given data set you cannot say that this algorithm performs better than that this algorithm performs better than that this algorithm performs better than that. It's like you cannot say that that. It's like you cannot say that that. It's like you cannot say that decision tree is better than name bias decision tree is better than name bias decision tree is better than name bias or name bias is performing better than or name bias is performing better than or name bias is performing better than decision tree. It depends on the data decision tree. It depends on the data decision tree. It depends on the data set right? You have to apply hidden set right? You have to apply hidden set right? You have to apply hidden trial method with all the algorithms one trial method with all the algorithms one trial method with all the algorithms one by one and then compare the result. The by one and then compare the result. The by one and then compare the result. The model which gives the best result is the model which gives the best result is the model which gives the best result is the model which you can use it for better model which you can use it for better model which you can use it for better accuracy for your data set. All right. accuracy for your data set. All right. accuracy for your data set. All right. So let's start with what is decision So let's start with what is decision So let's start with what is decision tree? Well, a decision tree is a tree? Well, a decision tree is a tree? Well, a decision tree is a graphical representation of all the graphical representation of all the graphical representation of all the possible solution to a decision based on possible solution to a decision based on possible solution to a decision based on certain conditions. Now you might be certain conditions. Now you might be certain conditions. Now you might be wondering why this thing is called as wondering why this thing is called as wondering why this thing is called as decision tree. Well, it is called so decision tree. Well, it is called so decision tree. Well, it is called so because it starts with a root and then because it starts with a root and then because it starts with a root and then branches off to a number of solution branches off to a number of solution branches off to a number of solution just like a tree, right? Even the tree just like a tree, right? Even the tree just like a tree, right? Even the tree starts from a root and it starts growing starts from a root and it starts growing starts from a root and it starts growing its branches once it gets bigger and its branches once it gets bigger and its branches once it gets bigger and bigger. Similarly in a decision tree it bigger. Similarly in a decision tree it bigger. Similarly in a decision tree it has a root which keeps on growing with has a root which keeps on growing with has a root which keeps on growing with increasing number of decision and the increasing number of decision and the increasing number of decision and the conditions. Now let me tell you a real conditions. Now let me tell you a real conditions. Now let me tell you a real life scenario. I won't say that all of life scenario. I won't say that all of life scenario. I won't say that all of you but most of you must have used it. you but most of you must have used it. you but most of you must have used it. Remember whenever you dial the toll-free Remember whenever you dial the toll-free Remember whenever you dial the toll-free number of your credit card company it number of your credit card company it number of your credit card company it redirects you to his intelligent redirects you to his intelligent redirects you to his intelligent computerized assistant where it asks you computerized assistant where it asks you computerized assistant where it asks you questions like press one for English or questions like press one for English or questions like press one for English or press two for Hindi, press three for press two for Hindi, press three for press two for Hindi, press three for this, press four for that. Right? Now this, press four for that. Right? Now this, press four for that. Right? Now once you select one now again it once you select one now again it once you select one now again it redirects you to a certain set of redirects you to a certain set of redirects you to a certain set of questions like press one for this, press questions like press one for this, press questions like press one for this, press one for that and similarly right. So one for that and similarly right. So one for that and similarly right. So this keeps on repeating until you this keeps on repeating until you this keeps on repeating until you finally get to the right person right finally get to the right person right finally get to the right person right you might think that you are caught in a you might think that you are caught in a you might think that you are caught in a voicemail hell but what the company was voicemail hell but what the company was voicemail hell but what the company was actually doing it was just using a actually doing it was just using a actually doing it was just using a decision tree to get you to the right decision tree to get you to the right decision tree to get you to the right person. All right I'd like you to focus person. All right I'd like you to focus person. All right I'd like you to focus on this particular image for a moment. on this particular image for a moment. on this particular image for a moment. On this particular slide you can see a On this particular slide you can see a On this particular slide you can see a image where the task is should I accept image where the task is should I accept image where the task is should I accept a new job offer or not. All right. So a new job offer or not. All right. So a new job offer or not. All right. So you have to decide that for that what you have to decide that for that what you have to decide that for that what you did you created a decision tree you did you created a decision tree you did you created a decision tree starting with the base condition or the starting with the base condition or the starting with the base condition or the root node was that the basic salary or root node was that the basic salary or root node was that the basic salary or the minimum salary should be $50,000. If the minimum salary should be $50,000. If the minimum salary should be $50,000. If it is not $50,000 then you are not at it is not $50,000 then you are not at it is not $50,000 then you are not at all accepting the offer. All right. So all accepting the offer. All right. So all accepting the offer. All right. So if your salary is greater than $50,000 if your salary is greater than $50,000 if your salary is greater than $50,000 then you'll further check whether the then you'll further check whether the then you'll further check whether the commute is more than 1 hour or not. If commute is more than 1 hour or not. If commute is more than 1 hour or not. If it is more than 1 hour, you'll just it is more than 1 hour, you'll just it is more than 1 hour, you'll just decline the offer. If it is less than 1 decline the offer. If it is less than 1 decline the offer. If it is less than 1 hour, then you are getting closer to hour, then you are getting closer to hour, then you are getting closer to accepting the job offer. Then further accepting the job offer. Then further accepting the job offer. Then further what you'll do, you'll check whether the what you'll do, you'll check whether the what you'll do, you'll check whether the company is offering free coffee or not. company is offering free coffee or not. company is offering free coffee or not. Right? If the company is not offering Right? If the company is not offering Right? If the company is not offering the free coffee, then you'll just the free coffee, then you'll just the free coffee, then you'll just decline the offer. And if it is offering decline the offer. And if it is offering decline the offer. And if it is offering the free coffee, then yeah, you will the free coffee, then yeah, you will the free coffee, then yeah, you will happily accept the offer. Right? So happily accept the offer. Right? So happily accept the offer. Right? So these are just an example of a decision these are just an example of a decision these are just an example of a decision tree. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Now let's move ahead and understand a &gt;&gt; Now let's move ahead and understand a &gt;&gt; Now let's move ahead and understand a decision tree. Well, here is a sample decision tree. Well, here is a sample decision tree. Well, here is a sample data set that I'll be using it to data set that I'll be using it to data set that I'll be using it to explain you about the decision tree. All explain you about the decision tree. All explain you about the decision tree. All right. In this data set, each row is an right. In this data set, each row is an right. In this data set, each row is an example. And the first two columns example. And the first two columns example. And the first two columns provide features or attributes that provide features or attributes that provide features or attributes that describes the data. And the last column describes the data. And the last column describes the data. And the last column gives the label or the class we want to gives the label or the class we want to gives the label or the class we want to predict. And if you like, you can just predict. And if you like, you can just predict. And if you like, you can just modify this data by adding additional modify this data by adding additional modify this data by adding additional features and more example. and our features and more example. and our features and more example. and our program will work in exactly the same program will work in exactly the same program will work in exactly the same way. Fine. Now this data set is pretty way. Fine. Now this data set is pretty way. Fine. Now this data set is pretty straightforward except for one thing. I straightforward except for one thing. I straightforward except for one thing. I hope you have noticed that it is not hope you have noticed that it is not hope you have noticed that it is not perfectly separable. Let me tell you perfectly separable. Let me tell you perfectly separable. Let me tell you something more about that. As in the something more about that. As in the something more about that. As in the second and fifth examples, they have the second and fifth examples, they have the second and fifth examples, they have the same features but different labels. Both same features but different labels. Both same features but different labels. Both have yellow as their color and diameter have yellow as their color and diameter have yellow as their color and diameter as three. But the labels are mango and as three. But the labels are mango and as three. But the labels are mango and lemon. Fine. Let's move on and see how lemon. Fine. Let's move on and see how lemon. Fine. Let's move on and see how decision tree handles this case. All decision tree handles this case. All decision tree handles this case. All right. In order to build a tree, we'll right. In order to build a tree, we'll right. In order to build a tree, we'll use a decision tree algorithm called use a decision tree algorithm called use a decision tree algorithm called cart. This cart algorithm stands for cart. This cart algorithm stands for cart. This cart algorithm stands for classification and regression tree classification and regression tree classification and regression tree algorithm. All right, let's see a algorithm. All right, let's see a algorithm. All right, let's see a preview of how it work. All right, to preview of how it work. All right, to preview of how it work. All right, to begin with, we'll add a root node for begin with, we'll add a root node for begin with, we'll add a root node for the tree and all the nodes receive a the tree and all the nodes receive a the tree and all the nodes receive a list of rows as input and the root will list of rows as input and the root will list of rows as input and the root will receive the entire training data set. receive the entire training data set. receive the entire training data set. Now each node will ask true and false Now each node will ask true and false Now each node will ask true and false question about one of the feature and in question about one of the feature and in question about one of the feature and in response to that question we'll split or response to that question we'll split or response to that question we'll split or partition the data set into two partition the data set into two partition the data set into two different subsets. These subsets then different subsets. These subsets then different subsets. These subsets then become input to two child node we add to become input to two child node we add to become input to two child node we add to the tree and the goal of the question is the tree and the goal of the question is the tree and the goal of the question is to finally unmix the labels as we to finally unmix the labels as we to finally unmix the labels as we proceed down or in other words to proceed down or in other words to proceed down or in other words to produce the purest possible distribution produce the purest possible distribution produce the purest possible distribution of the labels at each node. For example, of the labels at each node. For example, of the labels at each node. For example, the input of this node contains only one the input of this node contains only one the input of this node contains only one single type of label. So we could say single type of label. So we could say single type of label. So we could say that it's perfectly unmixed. There is no that it's perfectly unmixed. There is no that it's perfectly unmixed. There is no uncertaintity about the type of label as uncertaintity about the type of label as uncertaintity about the type of label as it consists of only grapes. Right? On it consists of only grapes. Right? On it consists of only grapes. Right? On the other hand, the labels in this node the other hand, the labels in this node the other hand, the labels in this node are still mixed up. So we'll ask another are still mixed up. So we'll ask another are still mixed up. So we'll ask another question to further drill it down. question to further drill it down. question to further drill it down. Right? But before that, we need to Right? But before that, we need to Right? But before that, we need to understand which question to ask and understand which question to ask and understand which question to ask and when. And to do that we need to quantify when. And to do that we need to quantify when. And to do that we need to quantify how much question helps to unmix the how much question helps to unmix the how much question helps to unmix the label. And we can quantify the amount of label. And we can quantify the amount of label. And we can quantify the amount of uncertaintity at a single node using a uncertaintity at a single node using a uncertaintity at a single node using a metric called genium impurity. And we metric called genium impurity. And we metric called genium impurity. And we can quantify how much a question reduces can quantify how much a question reduces can quantify how much a question reduces that uncertaintity using a concept that uncertaintity using a concept that uncertaintity using a concept called information gain. We'll use these called information gain. We'll use these called information gain. We'll use these to select the best question to ask at to select the best question to ask at to select the best question to ask at each point. And then what we'll do, each point. And then what we'll do, each point. And then what we'll do, we'll iterate the steps. We'll we'll iterate the steps. We'll we'll iterate the steps. We'll recursively build the tree on each of recursively build the tree on each of recursively build the tree on each of the new node. We'll continue dividing the new node. We'll continue dividing the new node. We'll continue dividing the data until there are no further the data until there are no further the data until there are no further question to ask. And finally, we reach question to ask. And finally, we reach question to ask. And finally, we reach to our leaf. All right. All right. So to our leaf. All right. All right. So to our leaf. All right. All right. So this was about decision tree. So in this was about decision tree. So in this was about decision tree. So in order to create a decision tree first of order to create a decision tree first of order to create a decision tree first of all what you have to do you have to all what you have to do you have to all what you have to do you have to identify different set of questions that identify different set of questions that identify different set of questions that you can ask to a tree like is this color you can ask to a tree like is this color you can ask to a tree like is this color green and what will be these question green and what will be these question green and what will be these question these question will be decided by your these question will be decided by your these question will be decided by your data set like is this color green is the data set like is this color green is the data set like is this color green is the diameter greater than equal to three is diameter greater than equal to three is diameter greater than equal to three is the color yellow right questions the color yellow right questions the color yellow right questions resembles to your data set remember that resembles to your data set remember that resembles to your data set remember that all right so if my color is green then all right so if my color is green then all right so if my color is green then what it will do it will divide into two what it will do it will divide into two what it will do it will divide into two part first the green mango will be in part first the green mango will be in part first the green mango will be in the true while on the False. We have the true while on the False. We have the true while on the False. We have lemon and the mango. All right. If the lemon and the mango. All right. If the lemon and the mango. All right. If the color is green or the diameter is color is green or the diameter is color is green or the diameter is greater than equal to three or the color greater than equal to three or the color greater than equal to three or the color is yellow. Now let's move on and understand about Now let's move on and understand about Now let's move on and understand about decision tree terminologies. All right. decision tree terminologies. All right. decision tree terminologies. All right. So starting with root node. Root node is So starting with root node. Root node is So starting with root node. Root node is the base node of a tree. The entire tree the base node of a tree. The entire tree the base node of a tree. The entire tree starts from a root node. In other words, starts from a root node. In other words, starts from a root node. In other words, it is the first node of a tree. It it is the first node of a tree. It it is the first node of a tree. It represents the entire population or represents the entire population or represents the entire population or sample. And this entire population is sample. And this entire population is sample. And this entire population is further segregated or divided into two further segregated or divided into two further segregated or divided into two or more homogeneous set. Fine. Next is or more homogeneous set. Fine. Next is or more homogeneous set. Fine. Next is the leaf node. Well, leaf node is the the leaf node. Well, leaf node is the the leaf node. Well, leaf node is the one when you reach at the end of the one when you reach at the end of the one when you reach at the end of the tree. Right? That is you cannot further tree. Right? That is you cannot further tree. Right? That is you cannot further segregate it down to any other level. So segregate it down to any other level. So segregate it down to any other level. So that is the leaf node. Next is that is the leaf node. Next is that is the leaf node. Next is splitting. Splitting is dividing your splitting. Splitting is dividing your splitting. Splitting is dividing your root node or your node into different root node or your node into different root node or your node into different subp part on the basis of some subp part on the basis of some subp part on the basis of some condition. All right. Then comes the condition. All right. Then comes the condition. All right. Then comes the branch or the sub tree. Well, this branch or the sub tree. Well, this branch or the sub tree. Well, this branch or sub tree gets formed when you branch or sub tree gets formed when you branch or sub tree gets formed when you split the tree. Suppose when you split a split the tree. Suppose when you split a split the tree. Suppose when you split a root node, it gets divided into two root node, it gets divided into two root node, it gets divided into two branches or two sub trees, right? Next branches or two sub trees, right? Next branches or two sub trees, right? Next is the concept of pruning. Well, you can is the concept of pruning. Well, you can is the concept of pruning. Well, you can say that pruning is just opposite of say that pruning is just opposite of say that pruning is just opposite of splitting. What we are doing here, we splitting. What we are doing here, we splitting. What we are doing here, we are just removing the subnode of a are just removing the subnode of a are just removing the subnode of a decision tree. We'll see more about decision tree. We'll see more about decision tree. We'll see more about pruning later in this session. All pruning later in this session. All pruning later in this session. All right, let's move on ahead. Next is right, let's move on ahead. Next is right, let's move on ahead. Next is parent or child node. Well, first of parent or child node. Well, first of parent or child node. Well, first of all, root node is always the parent node all, root node is always the parent node all, root node is always the parent node and all other nodes associated with that and all other nodes associated with that and all other nodes associated with that is known as child node. Well, you can is known as child node. Well, you can is known as child node. Well, you can understand it in a way that all the top understand it in a way that all the top understand it in a way that all the top node belongs to a parent node and all node belongs to a parent node and all node belongs to a parent node and all the bottom node which are derived from a the bottom node which are derived from a the bottom node which are derived from a top node is a child node. The node top node is a child node. The node top node is a child node. The node producing a further node is a child node producing a further node is a child node producing a further node is a child node and the node which is producing it is a and the node which is producing it is a and the node which is producing it is a parent node. Simple concept, right? Let's use the cart algorithm and design Let's use the cart algorithm and design Let's use the cart algorithm and design a tree manually. So first of all what a tree manually. So first of all what a tree manually. So first of all what you'll do you decide which question to you'll do you decide which question to you'll do you decide which question to ask and when. So how will you do that? ask and when. So how will you do that? ask and when. So how will you do that? So let's first of all visualize the So let's first of all visualize the So let's first of all visualize the decision tree. So this is the decision decision tree. So this is the decision decision tree. So this is the decision tree which we'll be creating manually. tree which we'll be creating manually. tree which we'll be creating manually. All right first of all let's have a look All right first of all let's have a look All right first of all let's have a look at the data set. You have outlook, at the data set. You have outlook, at the data set. You have outlook, temperature, humidity and windy as your temperature, humidity and windy as your temperature, humidity and windy as your different attribute. On the basis of different attribute. On the basis of different attribute. On the basis of that you have to predict that whether that you have to predict that whether that you have to predict that whether you can play or not. So which one among you can play or not. So which one among you can play or not. So which one among them should you pick first? Answer: them should you pick first? Answer: them should you pick first? Answer: determine the best attribute that determine the best attribute that determine the best attribute that classifies the training data. All right. classifies the training data. All right. classifies the training data. All right. So how will you choose the best So how will you choose the best So how will you choose the best attribute or how does a tree decide attribute or how does a tree decide attribute or how does a tree decide where to split or how the tree will where to split or how the tree will where to split or how the tree will decide its root node. Well, before we decide its root node. Well, before we decide its root node. Well, before we move on and split a tree, there are some move on and split a tree, there are some move on and split a tree, there are some terminologies that you should know. All terminologies that you should know. All terminologies that you should know. All right, first being the genex. So what is right, first being the genex. So what is right, first being the genex. So what is this genex? This gen index is the this genex? This gen index is the this genex? This gen index is the measure of impurity or purity used in measure of impurity or purity used in measure of impurity or purity used in building a decision tree in cart building a decision tree in cart building a decision tree in cart algorithm. All right. Next is algorithm. All right. Next is algorithm. All right. Next is information gain. This information gain information gain. This information gain information gain. This information gain is the decrease in entropy after a data is the decrease in entropy after a data is the decrease in entropy after a data set is split on the basis of an set is split on the basis of an set is split on the basis of an attribute. Constructing a decision tree attribute. Constructing a decision tree attribute. Constructing a decision tree is all about finding a attribute that is all about finding a attribute that is all about finding a attribute that returns the highest information gain. returns the highest information gain. returns the highest information gain. All right. [clears throat] So you'll be All right. [clears throat] So you'll be All right. [clears throat] So you'll be selecting the node that would give you selecting the node that would give you selecting the node that would give you the highest information gain. All right. the highest information gain. All right. the highest information gain. All right. Next is reduction in variance. This Next is reduction in variance. This Next is reduction in variance. This reduction in variance is an algorithm reduction in variance is an algorithm reduction in variance is an algorithm which is used for continuous target which is used for continuous target which is used for continuous target variable or regression problems. The variable or regression problems. The variable or regression problems. The split with lower variance is selected as split with lower variance is selected as split with lower variance is selected as a criteria to split the population. See a criteria to split the population. See a criteria to split the population. See in general term what do you mean by in general term what do you mean by in general term what do you mean by variance? Variance is how much your data variance? Variance is how much your data variance? Variance is how much your data is varying. Right? So if your data is is varying. Right? So if your data is is varying. Right? So if your data is less impure or it is more pure then in less impure or it is more pure then in less impure or it is more pure then in that case the variation would be less as that case the variation would be less as that case the variation would be less as all the data are most similar. Right? So all the data are most similar. Right? So all the data are most similar. Right? So this is also a way of splitting a tree. this is also a way of splitting a tree. this is also a way of splitting a tree. The split with lower variance is The split with lower variance is The split with lower variance is selected as a criteria to split the selected as a criteria to split the selected as a criteria to split the population. All right. Next is the G population. All right. Next is the G population. All right. Next is the G square. G square. It is an algorithm square. G square. It is an algorithm square. G square. It is an algorithm which is used to find out the which is used to find out the which is used to find out the statistical significance between the statistical significance between the statistical significance between the differences between sub nodes and the differences between sub nodes and the differences between sub nodes and the parent nodes. Fine. Let's move ahead. Now the main question is how will you Now the main question is how will you Now the main question is how will you decide the best attribute? For now just decide the best attribute? For now just decide the best attribute? For now just understand that you need to calculate understand that you need to calculate understand that you need to calculate something known as information gain. The something known as information gain. The something known as information gain. The attribute with the highest information attribute with the highest information attribute with the highest information gain is considered the best. Yeah, I gain is considered the best. Yeah, I gain is considered the best. Yeah, I know your next question might be like know your next question might be like know your next question might be like what is this information gain? But what is this information gain? But what is this information gain? But before we move on and see what exactly before we move on and see what exactly before we move on and see what exactly information gain is, let me first information gain is, let me first information gain is, let me first introduce you to a term called entropy. introduce you to a term called entropy. introduce you to a term called entropy. Because this term will be used in Because this term will be used in Because this term will be used in calculating the information gain. Well, calculating the information gain. Well, calculating the information gain. Well, entropy is just a metric which measures entropy is just a metric which measures entropy is just a metric which measures the impurity of something or in other the impurity of something or in other the impurity of something or in other words you can say that it's the first words you can say that it's the first words you can say that it's the first step to do before you solve the problem step to do before you solve the problem step to do before you solve the problem of a decision tree. As I mentioned here of a decision tree. As I mentioned here of a decision tree. As I mentioned here something about impurity. So let's move something about impurity. So let's move something about impurity. So let's move on and understand what is impurity. on and understand what is impurity. on and understand what is impurity. Suppose you have a basket full of apples Suppose you have a basket full of apples Suppose you have a basket full of apples and another bowl which [clears throat] and another bowl which [clears throat] and another bowl which [clears throat] is full of same label which says apple. is full of same label which says apple. is full of same label which says apple. Now if you are asked to pick one item Now if you are asked to pick one item Now if you are asked to pick one item from each basket and ball then the from each basket and ball then the from each basket and ball then the probability of getting the apple and its probability of getting the apple and its probability of getting the apple and its correct label is one. So in this case correct label is one. So in this case correct label is one. So in this case you can say that impurity is zero. All you can say that impurity is zero. All you can say that impurity is zero. All right. Now what if there are four right. Now what if there are four right. Now what if there are four different fruits in the basket and four different fruits in the basket and four different fruits in the basket and four different labels in the ball. Then the different labels in the ball. Then the different labels in the ball. Then the probability of matching the fruit to a probability of matching the fruit to a probability of matching the fruit to a label is obviously not one. It's label is obviously not one. It's label is obviously not one. It's something less than that. Well, it could something less than that. Well, it could something less than that. Well, it could be possible that I picked banana from be possible that I picked banana from be possible that I picked banana from the basket and when I randomly picked the basket and when I randomly picked the basket and when I randomly picked the label from the ball, it says a the label from the ball, it says a the label from the ball, it says a cherry. Any random permutation and cherry. Any random permutation and cherry. Any random permutation and combination can be possible. So in this combination can be possible. So in this combination can be possible. So in this case, I'd say that impurities is non case, I'd say that impurities is non case, I'd say that impurities is non zero. I hope the concept of impurity is zero. I hope the concept of impurity is zero. I hope the concept of impurity is clear. So coming back to entropy, as I clear. So coming back to entropy, as I clear. So coming back to entropy, as I said, entropy is the measure of said, entropy is the measure of said, entropy is the measure of impurity. From the graph on your left impurity. From the graph on your left impurity. From the graph on your left you can see that as the probability is you can see that as the probability is you can see that as the probability is zero or one that is either they are zero or one that is either they are zero or one that is either they are highly impure or they are highly pure highly impure or they are highly pure highly impure or they are highly pure then in that case the value of entropy then in that case the value of entropy then in that case the value of entropy is zero and when the probability is 0.5 is zero and when the probability is 0.5 is zero and when the probability is 0.5 then the value of entropy is maximum. then the value of entropy is maximum. then the value of entropy is maximum. Well what is impurity? Impurity is the Well what is impurity? Impurity is the Well what is impurity? Impurity is the degree of randomness how random a data degree of randomness how random a data degree of randomness how random a data is. So if the data is completely pure in is. So if the data is completely pure in is. So if the data is completely pure in that case the randomness equals zero. Or that case the randomness equals zero. Or that case the randomness equals zero. Or if the data is completely impure even in if the data is completely impure even in if the data is completely impure even in that case the value of impurity will be that case the value of impurity will be that case the value of impurity will be zero. question like why is it that the zero. question like why is it that the zero. question like why is it that the value of entropy is maximum at 0.5 might value of entropy is maximum at 0.5 might value of entropy is maximum at 0.5 might arise in your mind right so let me arise in your mind right so let me arise in your mind right so let me discuss about that let me derive it discuss about that let me derive it discuss about that let me derive it mathematically so as you can see here on mathematically so as you can see here on mathematically so as you can see here on the slide the mathematical formula of the slide the mathematical formula of the slide the mathematical formula of entropy is minus of probability of yes entropy is minus of probability of yes entropy is minus of probability of yes let's move on and see what this graph let's move on and see what this graph let's move on and see what this graph has to say mathematically suppose s is has to say mathematically suppose s is has to say mathematically suppose s is our total sample space and it's divided our total sample space and it's divided our total sample space and it's divided into two parts yes and no like in our into two parts yes and no like in our into two parts yes and no like in our data set the result for playing was data set the result for playing was data set the result for playing was divided into two parts either Yes or no divided into two parts either Yes or no divided into two parts either Yes or no which we have to predict whether we have which we have to predict whether we have which we have to predict whether we have to play or not. Right? So for that to play or not. Right? So for that to play or not. Right? So for that particular case you can define the particular case you can define the particular case you can define the formula of entropy as entropy of total formula of entropy as entropy of total formula of entropy as entropy of total sample space equals negative of sample space equals negative of sample space equals negative of probability of yes multiplied by log of probability of yes multiplied by log of probability of yes multiplied by log of probability of yes with a base 2 minus probability of yes with a base 2 minus probability of yes with a base 2 minus probability of no multiplied by log of probability of no multiplied by log of probability of no multiplied by log of probability of no with base 2 where s is probability of no with base 2 where s is probability of no with base 2 where s is your total sample space and p of yes is your total sample space and p of yes is your total sample space and p of yes is the probability of yes and p of no is the probability of yes and p of no is the probability of yes and p of no is the probability of no. Well, if the the probability of no. Well, if the the probability of no. Well, if the number of yes equal number of no, that number of yes equal number of no, that number of yes equal number of no, that is probability of S equals 0.5. Right? is probability of S equals 0.5. Right? is probability of S equals 0.5. Right? Since you have equal number of yes and Since you have equal number of yes and Since you have equal number of yes and no. So in that case, value of entropy no. So in that case, value of entropy no. So in that case, value of entropy will be one. Just put the value over will be one. Just put the value over will be one. Just put the value over there. All right. Let me just move to there. All right. Let me just move to there. All right. Let me just move to the next slide. I'll show you this. All the next slide. I'll show you this. All the next slide. I'll show you this. All right. Next is if it contains all yes or right. Next is if it contains all yes or right. Next is if it contains all yes or all no that is probability of a sample all no that is probability of a sample all no that is probability of a sample space is either one or zero then in that space is either one or zero then in that space is either one or zero then in that case entropy will be equal to zero. case entropy will be equal to zero. case entropy will be equal to zero. Let's see it mathematically one by one. Let's see it mathematically one by one. Let's see it mathematically one by one. So let's start with the first condition So let's start with the first condition So let's start with the first condition where the probability was 0.5. where the probability was 0.5. where the probability was 0.5. So this is our formula for entropy So this is our formula for entropy So this is our formula for entropy right. So this is our first case right right. So this is our first case right right. So this is our first case right which we discussed that when the which we discussed that when the which we discussed that when the probability of yes equal probability of probability of yes equal probability of probability of yes equal probability of no that is in our data set we have equal no that is in our data set we have equal no that is in our data set we have equal number of yes and no. All right. So number of yes and no. All right. So number of yes and no. All right. So probability of yes equal probability of probability of yes equal probability of probability of yes equal probability of no and that equals 0.5 or in other words no and that equals 0.5 or in other words no and that equals 0.5 or in other words you can say that yes plus no equal to you can say that yes plus no equal to you can say that yes plus no equal to total sample space. All right. Since the total sample space. All right. Since the total sample space. All right. Since the probability is 0.5. So when you put the probability is 0.5. So when you put the probability is 0.5. So when you put the values in the formula, you get something values in the formula, you get something values in the formula, you get something like this. And when you calculate it, like this. And when you calculate it, like this. And when you calculate it, you'll get the entropy or the total you'll get the entropy or the total you'll get the entropy or the total sample space as well. All right, let's sample space as well. All right, let's sample space as well. All right, let's see for the next case. What was the next see for the next case. What was the next see for the next case. What was the next case? Either you have total yes or you case? Either you have total yes or you case? Either you have total yes or you have total no. So if you have total yes, have total no. So if you have total yes, have total no. So if you have total yes, let's see the formula when we have total let's see the formula when we have total let's see the formula when we have total yes. So you have all yes and zero no. yes. So you have all yes and zero no. yes. So you have all yes and zero no. Fine. So probability of yes equal 1 and Fine. So probability of yes equal 1 and Fine. So probability of yes equal 1 and yes is the total sample space obviously. yes is the total sample space obviously. yes is the total sample space obviously. So in the formula when you put that So in the formula when you put that So in the formula when you put that thing up you'll get entropy of sample thing up you'll get entropy of sample thing up you'll get entropy of sample space equal * of 1 multiplied by log of space equal * of 1 multiplied by log of space equal * of 1 multiplied by log of 1 as the value of log 1 equals 0. So the 1 as the value of log 1 equals 0. So the 1 as the value of log 1 equals 0. So the total thing will result to zero. total thing will result to zero. total thing will result to zero. Similarly is the case with no even in Similarly is the case with no even in Similarly is the case with no even in that case you'll get the entropy of that case you'll get the entropy of that case you'll get the entropy of total sample space as zero. So this was total sample space as zero. So this was total sample space as zero. So this was all about entropy. All right. Next is all about entropy. All right. Next is all about entropy. All right. Next is what is information gain? Well, what is information gain? Well, what is information gain? Well, information gain what it does? It information gain what it does? It information gain what it does? It measures the reduction in entropy. It measures the reduction in entropy. It measures the reduction in entropy. It decides which attribute should be decides which attribute should be decides which attribute should be selected as the decision node. If S is selected as the decision node. If S is selected as the decision node. If S is our total collection, then information our total collection, then information our total collection, then information gain equals entropy which we calculated gain equals entropy which we calculated gain equals entropy which we calculated just now. That minus weighted average just now. That minus weighted average just now. That minus weighted average multiplied by entropy of each feature. multiplied by entropy of each feature. multiplied by entropy of each feature. Don't worry, we'll just see how to Don't worry, we'll just see how to Don't worry, we'll just see how to calculate it with an example. All right. calculate it with an example. All right. calculate it with an example. All right. [music] So let's manually build a decision tree So let's manually build a decision tree So let's manually build a decision tree for our data set. So this is our data for our data set. So this is our data for our data set. So this is our data set which consists of 14 different set which consists of 14 different set which consists of 14 different instances out of which we have 9 yes and instances out of which we have 9 yes and instances out of which we have 9 yes and five no. All right. So we have the five no. All right. So we have the five no. All right. So we have the formula for entropy just put over that. formula for entropy just put over that. formula for entropy just put over that. Since 9 yes so total probability of yes Since 9 yes so total probability of yes Since 9 yes so total probability of yes equals 9 by4 and total probability of no equals 9 by4 and total probability of no equals 9 by4 and total probability of no equals 5x4. And when you put up the equals 5x4. And when you put up the equals 5x4. And when you put up the value and calculate the result, you'll value and calculate the result, you'll value and calculate the result, you'll get the value of entropy as 0.94. All get the value of entropy as 0.94. All get the value of entropy as 0.94. All right. So this was your first step that right. So this was your first step that right. So this was your first step that is compute the entropy for the entire is compute the entropy for the entire is compute the entropy for the entire data set. All right. Now you have to data set. All right. Now you have to data set. All right. Now you have to select that out of outlook temperature, select that out of outlook temperature, select that out of outlook temperature, humidity and windy which of the node humidity and windy which of the node humidity and windy which of the node should you select as the root node? Big should you select as the root node? Big should you select as the root node? Big question, right? How will you decide question, right? How will you decide question, right? How will you decide that this particular node should be that this particular node should be that this particular node should be chosen at the base node and on the basis chosen at the base node and on the basis chosen at the base node and on the basis of that only I'll be creating the entire of that only I'll be creating the entire of that only I'll be creating the entire tree. How you'll select that? Let's see. tree. How you'll select that? Let's see. tree. How you'll select that? Let's see. So you have to do it one by one. You So you have to do it one by one. You So you have to do it one by one. You have to calculate the entropy and have to calculate the entropy and have to calculate the entropy and information gain for all of the information gain for all of the information gain for all of the different nodes. So starting with different nodes. So starting with different nodes. So starting with outlook. So outlook has three different outlook. So outlook has three different outlook. So outlook has three different parameters sunny, overcast and rainy. So parameters sunny, overcast and rainy. So parameters sunny, overcast and rainy. So first of all select how many number of first of all select how many number of first of all select how many number of yes and no are there in the case of yes and no are there in the case of yes and no are there in the case of sunny. Like when it is sunny, how many sunny. Like when it is sunny, how many sunny. Like when it is sunny, how many number of yes and how many number of nos number of yes and how many number of nos number of yes and how many number of nos are there. So in total we have two yes are there. So in total we have two yes are there. So in total we have two yes and three nos in case of sunny. In case and three nos in case of sunny. In case and three nos in case of sunny. In case of overcast we have all yes. So if it is of overcast we have all yes. So if it is of overcast we have all yes. So if it is overcast then we'll surely go to play. overcast then we'll surely go to play. overcast then we'll surely go to play. It's like that. All right. And next it It's like that. All right. And next it It's like that. All right. And next it is rainy then total number of yes equal is rainy then total number of yes equal is rainy then total number of yes equal three and total number of no equals two. three and total number of no equals two. three and total number of no equals two. Fine. Next what we do? We calculate the Fine. Next what we do? We calculate the Fine. Next what we do? We calculate the entropy for each feature. For here we entropy for each feature. For here we entropy for each feature. For here we are calculating the entropy when outlook are calculating the entropy when outlook are calculating the entropy when outlook equals sunny. First of all we are equals sunny. First of all we are equals sunny. First of all we are assuming that outlook is our root node assuming that outlook is our root node assuming that outlook is our root node and for that we are calculating the and for that we are calculating the and for that we are calculating the information gain for it. All right. So information gain for it. All right. So information gain for it. All right. So in order to calculate the information in order to calculate the information in order to calculate the information gain remember the formula it was entropy gain remember the formula it was entropy gain remember the formula it was entropy of the total sample space minus weighted of the total sample space minus weighted of the total sample space minus weighted average multiplied by entropy of each average multiplied by entropy of each average multiplied by entropy of each feature. All right. So what we are doing feature. All right. So what we are doing feature. All right. So what we are doing here we are calculating the entropy of here we are calculating the entropy of here we are calculating the entropy of outlook when it was sunny. So total outlook when it was sunny. So total outlook when it was sunny. So total number of yes when it was sunny was two number of yes when it was sunny was two number of yes when it was sunny was two and total number of no that was three. and total number of no that was three. and total number of no that was three. Fine. So let's put up in the formula. Fine. So let's put up in the formula. Fine. So let's put up in the formula. Since the probability of yes is 2x 5 and Since the probability of yes is 2x 5 and Since the probability of yes is 2x 5 and the probability of no is 3x 5. So you the probability of no is 3x 5. So you the probability of no is 3x 5. So you will get something like this. All right. will get something like this. All right. will get something like this. All right. So you are getting the entropy of sunny So you are getting the entropy of sunny So you are getting the entropy of sunny as 0.971. as 0.971. as 0.971. Fine. Next you'll calculate the entropy Fine. Next you'll calculate the entropy Fine. Next you'll calculate the entropy for overcast. When it was overcast for overcast. When it was overcast for overcast. When it was overcast remember it was all yes. Right? So the remember it was all yes. Right? So the remember it was all yes. Right? So the probability of yes equal 1. And when you probability of yes equal 1. And when you probability of yes equal 1. And when you put over that you'll get the value of put over that you'll get the value of put over that you'll get the value of entropy as zero. Fine. And when it was entropy as zero. Fine. And when it was entropy as zero. Fine. And when it was rainy, rainy has three yes and two nos. rainy, rainy has three yes and two nos. rainy, rainy has three yes and two nos. So probability of yes in case of sunny So probability of yes in case of sunny So probability of yes in case of sunny is 3x 5 and probability of no in case of is 3x 5 and probability of no in case of is 3x 5 and probability of no in case of sunny is 2x 5. And when you add the sunny is 2x 5. And when you add the sunny is 2x 5. And when you add the value of probability of yes and value of probability of yes and value of probability of yes and probability of no to the formula, you probability of no to the formula, you probability of no to the formula, you get the entropy of sunny as 0.971. Fine. get the entropy of sunny as 0.971. Fine. get the entropy of sunny as 0.971. Fine. Now you have to calculate how much Now you have to calculate how much Now you have to calculate how much information you're getting from outlook. information you're getting from outlook. information you're getting from outlook. That equals weighted average. All right. That equals weighted average. All right. That equals weighted average. All right. So what was this weighted average? Total So what was this weighted average? Total So what was this weighted average? Total number of yes and total number of no. number of yes and total number of no. number of yes and total number of no. Fine. So information from outlook equals Fine. So information from outlook equals Fine. So information from outlook equals 5 by 14. From where does this five came 5 by 14. From where does this five came 5 by 14. From where does this five came over? We are calculating the total over? We are calculating the total over? We are calculating the total number of sample space within that number of sample space within that number of sample space within that particular outlook when it was sunny. particular outlook when it was sunny. particular outlook when it was sunny. Right? So in case of sunny there was two Right? So in case of sunny there was two Right? So in case of sunny there was two yes and three nos. All right. So yes and three nos. All right. So yes and three nos. All right. So weighted average for sunny would be weighted average for sunny would be weighted average for sunny would be equal to 5x4. All right. Since the equal to 5x4. All right. Since the equal to 5x4. All right. Since the formula was 5x4 multiplied by entropy of formula was 5x4 multiplied by entropy of formula was 5x4 multiplied by entropy of each feature. All right. So as each feature. All right. So as each feature. All right. So as calculated the entropy for sunny is calculated the entropy for sunny is calculated the entropy for sunny is 0.971. 0.971. 0.971. Right? So what we'll do? We'll multiply Right? So what we'll do? We'll multiply Right? So what we'll do? We'll multiply 5x4 with 0.971. 5x4 with 0.971. 5x4 with 0.971. Right? Well this was a calculation for Right? Well this was a calculation for Right? Well this was a calculation for information when outlook equals sunny. information when outlook equals sunny. information when outlook equals sunny. But outlook even equals overcast and But outlook even equals overcast and But outlook even equals overcast and rainy. For in that case what we'll do rainy. For in that case what we'll do rainy. For in that case what we'll do again similarly we'll calculate for again similarly we'll calculate for again similarly we'll calculate for everything. For overcast and sunny. For everything. For overcast and sunny. For everything. For overcast and sunny. For overcast weighted average is 4x4 overcast weighted average is 4x4 overcast weighted average is 4x4 multiplied by its entropy that is zero. multiplied by its entropy that is zero. multiplied by its entropy that is zero. And for sunny it is same 5x4. 3 yes and And for sunny it is same 5x4. 3 yes and And for sunny it is same 5x4. 3 yes and two nos multiplied by its entropy that two nos multiplied by its entropy that two nos multiplied by its entropy that is 0.971. is 0.971. is 0.971. And finally we'll take the sum of all of And finally we'll take the sum of all of And finally we'll take the sum of all of them which equals to 0.693. them which equals to 0.693. them which equals to 0.693. Right. Next we'll calculate the Right. Next we'll calculate the Right. Next we'll calculate the information gained. This what we did information gained. This what we did information gained. This what we did earlier was information taken from earlier was information taken from earlier was information taken from outlook. Now we are calculating what is outlook. Now we are calculating what is outlook. Now we are calculating what is the information we are gaining from the information we are gaining from the information we are gaining from outlook. Right? Now this information outlook. Right? Now this information outlook. Right? Now this information [snorts] gained that equals to total [snorts] gained that equals to total [snorts] gained that equals to total entropy minus the information that is entropy minus the information that is entropy minus the information that is taken from outlook. All right. So total taken from outlook. All right. So total taken from outlook. All right. So total entropy we had 0.94 minus information we entropy we had 0.94 minus information we entropy we had 0.94 minus information we took from outlook is 0.693. took from outlook is 0.693. took from outlook is 0.693. So the value of information gained from So the value of information gained from So the value of information gained from outlook results to 0.24. 247. All right. outlook results to 0.24. 247. All right. outlook results to 0.24. 247. All right. So next what do we have to do? Let's So next what do we have to do? Let's So next what do we have to do? Let's assume that Wendy is our root node. So assume that Wendy is our root node. So assume that Wendy is our root node. So Wendy consists of two parameters false Wendy consists of two parameters false Wendy consists of two parameters false and true. Let's see how many yes and how and true. Let's see how many yes and how and true. Let's see how many yes and how many nos are there in case of true and many nos are there in case of true and many nos are there in case of true and false. So when Wendy has false as its false. So when Wendy has false as its false. So when Wendy has false as its parameter then in that case it has six parameter then in that case it has six parameter then in that case it has six yes and two nos. And when it has true as yes and two nos. And when it has true as yes and two nos. And when it has true as its parameter it has three yes and three its parameter it has three yes and three its parameter it has three yes and three nos. All right. So let's move ahead and nos. All right. So let's move ahead and nos. All right. So let's move ahead and similarly calculate the information similarly calculate the information similarly calculate the information taken from Wendy and finally calculate taken from Wendy and finally calculate taken from Wendy and finally calculate the information gained from Wendy. All the information gained from Wendy. All the information gained from Wendy. All right. So first of all what we'll do right. So first of all what we'll do right. So first of all what we'll do we'll calculate the entropy of each we'll calculate the entropy of each we'll calculate the entropy of each feature starting with windy equal true. feature starting with windy equal true. feature starting with windy equal true. So in case of true we had equal number So in case of true we had equal number So in case of true we had equal number of yes and equal number of no. We of yes and equal number of no. We of yes and equal number of no. We remember the graph when we had the remember the graph when we had the remember the graph when we had the probability as 0.5 as total number of probability as 0.5 as total number of probability as 0.5 as total number of yes equal total number of no and for yes equal total number of no and for yes equal total number of no and for that case the entropy equals 1. So we that case the entropy equals 1. So we that case the entropy equals 1. So we can directly write entropy of true when can directly write entropy of true when can directly write entropy of true when it's windy is one as we had already it's windy is one as we had already it's windy is one as we had already proved it when probability equals 0.5 proved it when probability equals 0.5 proved it when probability equals 0.5 the entropy is the maximum that equals the entropy is the maximum that equals the entropy is the maximum that equals to 1. All right. Next is entropy of to 1. All right. Next is entropy of to 1. All right. Next is entropy of false when it is vendi. All right. So false when it is vendi. All right. So false when it is vendi. All right. So similarly just put the probability of similarly just put the probability of similarly just put the probability of yes and no in the formula and then yes and no in the formula and then yes and no in the formula and then calculate the result. Since you have six calculate the result. Since you have six calculate the result. Since you have six yes and two nos. So in total you'll get yes and two nos. So in total you'll get yes and two nos. So in total you'll get the probability of yes as 6 by 8 and the probability of yes as 6 by 8 and the probability of yes as 6 by 8 and probability of no as 2x 8. All right. So probability of no as 2x 8. All right. So probability of no as 2x 8. All right. So when you will calculate it, you will get when you will calculate it, you will get when you will calculate it, you will get the entropy of falls as 0.811. All the entropy of falls as 0.811. All the entropy of falls as 0.811. All right. Now let's calculate the right. Now let's calculate the right. Now let's calculate the information from windy. So total information from windy. So total information from windy. So total information collected from windy equals information collected from windy equals information collected from windy equals information taken when windy equal true information taken when windy equal true information taken when windy equal true plus information taken when windy equal plus information taken when windy equal plus information taken when windy equal false. So we'll calculate the weighted false. So we'll calculate the weighted false. So we'll calculate the weighted average for each one of them and then average for each one of them and then average for each one of them and then we'll sum it up to finally get the total we'll sum it up to finally get the total we'll sum it up to finally get the total information taken from windy. So in this information taken from windy. So in this information taken from windy. So in this case it equals to 8x4 * 0.811 811 + 6 by case it equals to 8x4 * 0.811 811 + 6 by case it equals to 8x4 * 0.811 811 + 6 by 14 multiplied by 1. What is this 8? 8 is 14 multiplied by 1. What is this 8? 8 is 14 multiplied by 1. What is this 8? 8 is total number of yes and no in case when total number of yes and no in case when total number of yes and no in case when windy equals false. Right? So when it windy equals false. Right? So when it windy equals false. Right? So when it was false so total number of yes that was false so total number of yes that was false so total number of yes that equals to six and total number of no equals to six and total number of no equals to six and total number of no that equal to two that sum ups to 8. All that equal to two that sum ups to 8. All that equal to two that sum ups to 8. All right. So that is why the weighted right. So that is why the weighted right. So that is why the weighted average results to 8x4. Similarly average results to 8x4. Similarly average results to 8x4. Similarly information taken when windy equals true information taken when windy equals true information taken when windy equals true equals 2. 3 + 3 that is 3 yes and 3 no equals 2. 3 + 3 that is 3 yes and 3 no equals 2. 3 + 3 that is 3 yes and 3 no equals 6 divided by total number of equals 6 divided by total number of equals 6 divided by total number of sample space that is 14 * 1 that is sample space that is 14 * 1 that is sample space that is 14 * 1 that is entropy of true all right so it is 8x 14 entropy of true all right so it is 8x 14 entropy of true all right so it is 8x 14 * 0.811 + 6x4 * 1 which results to 0.892 * 0.811 + 6x4 * 1 which results to 0.892 * 0.811 + 6x4 * 1 which results to 0.892 892 this is information taken from Wendy 892 this is information taken from Wendy 892 this is information taken from Wendy all right now how much information you all right now how much information you all right now how much information you are gaining from Wendy so for that what are gaining from Wendy so for that what are gaining from Wendy so for that what you'll do so total information gained you'll do so total information gained you'll do so total information gained from windy that equals to total entropy from windy that equals to total entropy from windy that equals to total entropy minus information taken from windy all minus information taken from windy all minus information taken from windy all right that is 0.94 minus 0.892 that right that is 0.94 minus 0.892 that right that is 0.94 minus 0.892 that equals to 0.048 equals to 0.048 equals to 0.048 so 0.048 048 is the information gained so 0.048 048 is the information gained so 0.048 048 is the information gained from windy. All right. [music] Similarly, we calculated for the rest Similarly, we calculated for the rest Similarly, we calculated for the rest two. All right. So for outlook, as you two. All right. So for outlook, as you two. All right. So for outlook, as you can see, the information was 0.693 and can see, the information was 0.693 and can see, the information was 0.693 and its information gain was 0.247. its information gain was 0.247. its information gain was 0.247. In case of temperature, the information In case of temperature, the information In case of temperature, the information was around 0.911 and the information was around 0.911 and the information was around 0.911 and the information gain that was equal to 0.029. In case of gain that was equal to 0.029. In case of gain that was equal to 0.029. In case of humidity, the information gain was humidity, the information gain was humidity, the information gain was 0.152. And in the case of windy, the 0.152. And in the case of windy, the 0.152. And in the case of windy, the information gain was 0.048. So what information gain was 0.048. So what information gain was 0.048. So what we'll do? We'll select the attribute we'll do? We'll select the attribute we'll do? We'll select the attribute with the maximum mode. Fine. Now we have with the maximum mode. Fine. Now we have with the maximum mode. Fine. Now we have selected outlook as our root node and it selected outlook as our root node and it selected outlook as our root node and it is further subdivided into three is further subdivided into three is further subdivided into three different parts. Sunny, overcast and different parts. Sunny, overcast and different parts. Sunny, overcast and rain. So in case of overcast we have rain. So in case of overcast we have rain. So in case of overcast we have seen that it consists of all. So we can seen that it consists of all. So we can seen that it consists of all. So we can consider it as a leaf node. But in case consider it as a leaf node. But in case consider it as a leaf node. But in case of sunny and rainy it's doubtful as it of sunny and rainy it's doubtful as it of sunny and rainy it's doubtful as it consists of both yes and both no. So you consists of both yes and both no. So you consists of both yes and both no. So you need to recalculate the things right need to recalculate the things right need to recalculate the things right again for this node you have to again for this node you have to again for this node you have to recalculate the things. All right you recalculate the things. All right you recalculate the things. All right you have to again select the attribute which have to again select the attribute which have to again select the attribute which is having the maximum information gain. is having the maximum information gain. is having the maximum information gain. All right so this is how your complete All right so this is how your complete All right so this is how your complete tree will look like. All right. So let's tree will look like. All right. So let's tree will look like. All right. So let's see when you can play. So you can play see when you can play. So you can play see when you can play. So you can play when outlook is overcast. All right. In when outlook is overcast. All right. In when outlook is overcast. All right. In that case you can always play. If the that case you can always play. If the that case you can always play. If the outlook is sunny, you'll further drill outlook is sunny, you'll further drill outlook is sunny, you'll further drill down to check the humidity condition. down to check the humidity condition. down to check the humidity condition. All right? If the humidity is normal, All right? If the humidity is normal, All right? If the humidity is normal, then you'll play. If the humidity is then you'll play. If the humidity is then you'll play. If the humidity is high, then you won't play. Right? When high, then you won't play. Right? When high, then you won't play. Right? When the outlook predicts that it's rainy, the outlook predicts that it's rainy, the outlook predicts that it's rainy, then further you'll check whether it's then further you'll check whether it's then further you'll check whether it's windy or not. If it is a weak wind, then windy or not. If it is a weak wind, then windy or not. If it is a weak wind, then you'll go and opt for play. But if it you'll go and opt for play. But if it you'll go and opt for play. But if it has strong wind, then you won't play. has strong wind, then you won't play. has strong wind, then you won't play. Right? So this is how your entire Right? So this is how your entire Right? So this is how your entire decision tree would look like at the decision tree would look like at the decision tree would look like at the end. All right? Okay. Now comes the concept of pruning Okay. Now comes the concept of pruning Okay. Now comes the concept of pruning says that what should I do to play? says that what should I do to play? says that what should I do to play? Well, you have to do pruning. Pruning Well, you have to do pruning. Pruning Well, you have to do pruning. Pruning will decide how you will play. What is will decide how you will play. What is will decide how you will play. What is this pruning? Well, this pruning is this pruning? Well, this pruning is this pruning? Well, this pruning is nothing but cutting down the nodes in nothing but cutting down the nodes in nothing but cutting down the nodes in order to get the optimal solution. All order to get the optimal solution. All order to get the optimal solution. All right. So, what pruning does? It reduces right. So, what pruning does? It reduces right. So, what pruning does? It reduces the complexity. All right. As here you the complexity. All right. As here you the complexity. All right. As here you can see on the screen that it's showing can see on the screen that it's showing can see on the screen that it's showing only the result for yes, that is it's only the result for yes, that is it's only the result for yes, that is it's showing all the result which says that showing all the result which says that showing all the result which says that you can play. All right. you can play. All right. you can play. All right. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Before we drill down to our practical &gt;&gt; Before we drill down to our practical &gt;&gt; Before we drill down to our practical session, a common question might come in session, a common question might come in session, a common question might come in your mind. You might think that a your mind. You might think that a your mind. You might think that a treebased model better than linear treebased model better than linear treebased model better than linear model, right? You can think like if I model, right? You can think like if I model, right? You can think like if I can use a logistic regression for can use a logistic regression for can use a logistic regression for classification problem and linear classification problem and linear classification problem and linear regression for regression problem then regression for regression problem then regression for regression problem then why there is a need to use the tree? why there is a need to use the tree? why there is a need to use the tree? Well, many of us have this question in Well, many of us have this question in Well, many of us have this question in their mind and well, there's a valid their mind and well, there's a valid their mind and well, there's a valid question too. Well, actually as I said question too. Well, actually as I said question too. Well, actually as I said earlier, you can use any algorithm. It earlier, you can use any algorithm. It earlier, you can use any algorithm. It depends on the type of problem you're depends on the type of problem you're depends on the type of problem you're solving. Let's look at some key factor solving. Let's look at some key factor solving. Let's look at some key factor which will help you to decide which which will help you to decide which which will help you to decide which algorithm to use and when. So the first algorithm to use and when. So the first algorithm to use and when. So the first point being if the relationship between point being if the relationship between point being if the relationship between dependent and independent variable is dependent and independent variable is dependent and independent variable is well approximated by a linear model then well approximated by a linear model then well approximated by a linear model then linear regression will outperform linear regression will outperform linear regression will outperform treebased model. Second case, if there treebased model. Second case, if there treebased model. Second case, if there is a high nonlinearity and complex is a high nonlinearity and complex is a high nonlinearity and complex relationship between dependent and relationship between dependent and relationship between dependent and independent variables, a tree model will independent variables, a tree model will independent variables, a tree model will outperform a classical regression model. outperform a classical regression model. outperform a classical regression model. In third case, if you need to build a In third case, if you need to build a In third case, if you need to build a model which is easy to explain to model which is easy to explain to model which is easy to explain to people, a decision tree model will people, a decision tree model will people, a decision tree model will always do better than a linear model as always do better than a linear model as always do better than a linear model as the decision tree models are simpler to the decision tree models are simpler to the decision tree models are simpler to interpret than linear regression. All interpret than linear regression. All interpret than linear regression. All right. Now let's move on ahead and see right. Now let's move on ahead and see right. Now let's move on ahead and see how you can write a decision tree how you can write a decision tree how you can write a decision tree classifier from scratch in Python using classifier from scratch in Python using classifier from scratch in Python using the cart algorithm. All right, for this the cart algorithm. All right, for this the cart algorithm. All right, for this I'll be using Jupyter notebook with I'll be using Jupyter notebook with I'll be using Jupyter notebook with Python 3.0 installed on it. All right, Python 3.0 installed on it. All right, Python 3.0 installed on it. All right, so let's open the Anaconda and the so let's open the Anaconda and the so let's open the Anaconda and the Jupyter notebook. Where is that? So this Jupyter notebook. Where is that? So this Jupyter notebook. Where is that? So this is our Anaconda Navigator and I'll is our Anaconda Navigator and I'll is our Anaconda Navigator and I'll directly jump over to Jupyter Notebook directly jump over to Jupyter Notebook directly jump over to Jupyter Notebook and hit the launch button. I guess and hit the launch button. I guess and hit the launch button. I guess everyone knows that Jupyter notebook is everyone knows that Jupyter notebook is everyone knows that Jupyter notebook is a web-based interactive computing a web-based interactive computing a web-based interactive computing notebook environment where you can run notebook environment where you can run notebook environment where you can run your Python codes. So my Jupyter your Python codes. So my Jupyter your Python codes. So my Jupyter notebook it opens on my local host 891. notebook it opens on my local host 891. notebook it opens on my local host 891. So I'll be using this Jupyter notebook So I'll be using this Jupyter notebook So I'll be using this Jupyter notebook in order to write my decision tree in order to write my decision tree in order to write my decision tree classifier using Python. For this classifier using Python. For this classifier using Python. For this decision tree classifier I have already decision tree classifier I have already decision tree classifier I have already written the set of codes. Let me explain written the set of codes. Let me explain written the set of codes. Let me explain you just one by one. So we'll start with you just one by one. So we'll start with you just one by one. So we'll start with initializing our training data set. So initializing our training data set. So initializing our training data set. So there's our sample data set for which there's our sample data set for which there's our sample data set for which each row is an example. The last column each row is an example. The last column each row is an example. The last column is a label and the first two columns are is a label and the first two columns are is a label and the first two columns are the features. If you want you can add the features. If you want you can add the features. If you want you can add some more features and example for your some more features and example for your some more features and example for your practice. Interesting fact is that this practice. Interesting fact is that this practice. Interesting fact is that this data set is designed in a way that the data set is designed in a way that the data set is designed in a way that the second and the fifth example have almost second and the fifth example have almost second and the fifth example have almost the same features but they have the same features but they have the same features but they have different labels. All right. So let's different labels. All right. So let's different labels. All right. So let's move on and see how the tree handles move on and see how the tree handles move on and see how the tree handles this case. As you can see here both of this case. As you can see here both of this case. As you can see here both of them the second and the fifth column them the second and the fifth column them the second and the fifth column have the same features. What they differ have the same features. What they differ have the same features. What they differ in is just their label. Fine. So let's in is just their label. Fine. So let's in is just their label. Fine. So let's move ahead. So this is our training data move ahead. So this is our training data move ahead. So this is our training data set. Next what we are doing we are set. Next what we are doing we are set. Next what we are doing we are adding some column labels. So they are adding some column labels. So they are adding some column labels. So they are used only to print the trees. Fine. So used only to print the trees. Fine. So used only to print the trees. Fine. So what we'll do? We will add header to the what we'll do? We will add header to the what we'll do? We will add header to the columns like the first column is of columns like the first column is of columns like the first column is of color, second is of diameter and third color, second is of diameter and third color, second is of diameter and third is a label column. All right. Next what is a label column. All right. Next what is a label column. All right. Next what we'll do? We'll define a function as we'll do? We'll define a function as we'll do? We'll define a function as unique values in which we'll pass the unique values in which we'll pass the unique values in which we'll pass the rows and the columns. So this function rows and the columns. So this function rows and the columns. So this function what it will do? It will find the unique what it will do? It will find the unique what it will do? It will find the unique values for a column in the data set. So values for a column in the data set. So values for a column in the data set. So there's an example for that. So what we there's an example for that. So what we there's an example for that. So what we are doing here? We are passing training are doing here? We are passing training are doing here? We are passing training data as our row and column number as data as our row and column number as data as our row and column number as zero. So what we are doing? We are zero. So what we are doing? We are zero. So what we are doing? We are finding unique values in terms of color finding unique values in terms of color finding unique values in terms of color and in this since the row is training and in this since the row is training and in this since the row is training data and the column is one. So what we data and the column is one. So what we data and the column is one. So what we are doing here? So we are finding the are doing here? So we are finding the are doing here? So we are finding the unique values in terms of diameter. unique values in terms of diameter. unique values in terms of diameter. Fine. So this is just an example. Next Fine. So this is just an example. Next Fine. So this is just an example. Next what we'll do we'll define a function as what we'll do we'll define a function as what we'll do we'll define a function as class count and we'll pass the rows into class count and we'll pass the rows into class count and we'll pass the rows into it. So what it does it counts the number it. So what it does it counts the number it. So what it does it counts the number of each type of example within data set. of each type of example within data set. of each type of example within data set. So in this function what we are So in this function what we are So in this function what we are basically doing we are counting the basically doing we are counting the basically doing we are counting the number of each type of example in the number of each type of example in the number of each type of example in the data set or what we are doing we are data set or what we are doing we are data set or what we are doing we are counting the unique values for the label counting the unique values for the label counting the unique values for the label in the data set as a sample you can see in the data set as a sample you can see in the data set as a sample you can see here we can pass the entire training here we can pass the entire training here we can pass the entire training data set to this particular function as data set to this particular function as data set to this particular function as class count what it will do it will find class count what it will do it will find class count what it will do it will find all the different types of label within all the different types of label within all the different types of label within the training data set as you can see the training data set as you can see the training data set as you can see here the unique label consists of mango here the unique label consists of mango here the unique label consists of mango grape and lemon so next what we'll do grape and lemon so next what we'll do grape and lemon so next what we'll do we'll define a function is numeric and we'll define a function is numeric and we'll define a function is numeric and we'll pass a value into it so what it we'll pass a value into it so what it we'll pass a value into it so what it will do it will just test if the value will do it will just test if the value will do it will just test if the value is numeric or not and it will return if is numeric or not and it will return if is numeric or not and it will return if the value is an integer or a float. For the value is an integer or a float. For the value is an integer or a float. For example, you can see is numeric we are example, you can see is numeric we are example, you can see is numeric we are passing seven so it is an integer so it passing seven so it is an integer so it passing seven so it is an integer so it will return an int value and if you're will return an int value and if you're will return an int value and if you're passing red it's not a numeric value passing red it's not a numeric value passing red it's not a numeric value right. So moving on ahead we'll define a right. So moving on ahead we'll define a right. So moving on ahead we'll define a class named as question. So what this class named as question. So what this class named as question. So what this question does this question is used to question does this question is used to question does this question is used to partition the data set. This class what partition the data set. This class what partition the data set. This class what it does it just records a column number it does it just records a column number it does it just records a column number for example zero for color. All right for example zero for color. All right for example zero for color. All right and a column value for example green. and a column value for example green. and a column value for example green. Next what we are doing we are defining a Next what we are doing we are defining a Next what we are doing we are defining a match method which is used to compare match method which is used to compare match method which is used to compare the feature value in the example to the the feature value in the example to the the feature value in the example to the feature value stored in the question. feature value stored in the question. feature value stored in the question. Let's see how. First of all what we are Let's see how. First of all what we are Let's see how. First of all what we are doing we are defining a init function doing we are defining a init function doing we are defining a init function and inside that we are passing the self and inside that we are passing the self and inside that we are passing the self column and the value as parameter. So column and the value as parameter. So column and the value as parameter. So next what we do we define a function as next what we do we define a function as next what we do we define a function as match. What it does it compares the match. What it does it compares the match. What it does it compares the feature value in an example to the feature value in an example to the feature value in an example to the feature value in this question. Right. feature value in this question. Right. feature value in this question. Right. Next, we'll define a function as repr, Next, we'll define a function as repr, Next, we'll define a function as repr, which is just a helper method to print which is just a helper method to print which is just a helper method to print the question in a readable format. Next, the question in a readable format. Next, the question in a readable format. Next, what we are doing, we are defining a what we are doing, we are defining a what we are doing, we are defining a function partition. Well, this function function partition. Well, this function function partition. Well, this function is used to partition the data set. Each is used to partition the data set. Each is used to partition the data set. Each row in the data set, it checks if it row in the data set, it checks if it row in the data set, it checks if it matches the question or not. If it does, matches the question or not. If it does, matches the question or not. If it does, so it adds it to the true rows or if so it adds it to the true rows or if so it adds it to the true rows or if not, then it adds to the false rows. All not, then it adds to the false rows. All not, then it adds to the false rows. All right. For example, as you can see here, right. For example, as you can see here, right. For example, as you can see here, let's partition the training data set let's partition the training data set let's partition the training data set based on whether the rows are red or based on whether the rows are red or based on whether the rows are red or not. Here we are calling the function not. Here we are calling the function not. Here we are calling the function question and we are passing a value of question and we are passing a value of question and we are passing a value of zero and red to it. So what it will do? zero and red to it. So what it will do? zero and red to it. So what it will do? It will assign all the red rows to true It will assign all the red rows to true It will assign all the red rows to true underscore rows and everything else will underscore rows and everything else will underscore rows and everything else will be assigned to false rows. Fine. Next be assigned to false rows. Fine. Next be assigned to false rows. Fine. Next what we'll do? We'll define a gen what we'll do? We'll define a gen what we'll do? We'll define a gen impurity function and inside that we'll impurity function and inside that we'll impurity function and inside that we'll pass the list of rows. So what it will pass the list of rows. So what it will pass the list of rows. So what it will do it will just calculate the gen do it will just calculate the gen do it will just calculate the gen impurity for the list of rows. impurity for the list of rows. impurity for the list of rows. Next what we are doing here we're Next what we are doing here we're Next what we are doing here we're defining a function as information gain. defining a function as information gain. defining a function as information gain. So what this information gain function So what this information gain function So what this information gain function does, it calculates the information gain does, it calculates the information gain does, it calculates the information gain using the uncertaintity of the starting using the uncertaintity of the starting using the uncertaintity of the starting node minus the weighted impurity of the node minus the weighted impurity of the node minus the weighted impurity of the child node. The next function is find child node. The next function is find child node. The next function is find the best split. Well, this function is the best split. Well, this function is the best split. Well, this function is used to find the best question to ask by used to find the best question to ask by used to find the best question to ask by iterating over every feature or value iterating over every feature or value iterating over every feature or value and then calculating the information and then calculating the information and then calculating the information gain. For the detailed explanation on gain. For the detailed explanation on gain. For the detailed explanation on the code, you can find the code in the the code, you can find the code in the the code, you can find the code in the description given below. All right. description given below. All right. description given below. All right. Next, we'll define a class as leaf for Next, we'll define a class as leaf for Next, we'll define a class as leaf for classifying the data. It holds a classifying the data. It holds a classifying the data. It holds a dictionary of class like mango for how dictionary of class like mango for how dictionary of class like mango for how many times it appears in the row from many times it appears in the row from many times it appears in the row from the training data that reaches the the training data that reaches the the training data that reaches the sleeve. All right. Next is the decision sleeve. All right. Next is the decision sleeve. All right. Next is the decision node. So this decision node it will ask node. So this decision node it will ask node. So this decision node it will ask a question. This holds a reference to a question. This holds a reference to a question. This holds a reference to the question and the two child nodes. On the question and the two child nodes. On the question and the two child nodes. On the basis of it you are deciding which the basis of it you are deciding which the basis of it you are deciding which node to add further to which branch. All node to add further to which branch. All node to add further to which branch. All right. So next what we are doing we are right. So next what we are doing we are right. So next what we are doing we are defining a function of build tree and defining a function of build tree and defining a function of build tree and inside that we are passing our number of inside that we are passing our number of inside that we are passing our number of rows. So this is the function that is rows. So this is the function that is rows. So this is the function that is used to build the tree. So initially used to build the tree. So initially used to build the tree. So initially what we did we defined all the various what we did we defined all the various what we did we defined all the various function that we'll be using in order to function that we'll be using in order to function that we'll be using in order to build a tree. So let's start by build a tree. So let's start by build a tree. So let's start by partitioning the data set for each partitioning the data set for each partitioning the data set for each unique attribute. Then we'll calculate unique attribute. Then we'll calculate unique attribute. Then we'll calculate the information gain and then return the the information gain and then return the the information gain and then return the question that produces the highest gain question that produces the highest gain question that produces the highest gain and on the basis of that we'll split the and on the basis of that we'll split the and on the basis of that we'll split the tree. So what we are doing here we are tree. So what we are doing here we are tree. So what we are doing here we are partitioning the data set calculating partitioning the data set calculating partitioning the data set calculating the information gain and then what this the information gain and then what this the information gain and then what this is returning it is returning the is returning it is returning the is returning it is returning the question that is producing the highest question that is producing the highest question that is producing the highest gain. All right. Now if gain equals zero gain. All right. Now if gain equals zero gain. All right. Now if gain equals zero return leaf arrows. So what it will do? return leaf arrows. So what it will do? return leaf arrows. So what it will do? So if you are getting no further gain So if you are getting no further gain So if you are getting no further gain that is gain equals zero then in that that is gain equals zero then in that that is gain equals zero then in that case since no further question could be case since no further question could be case since no further question could be asked so what it will do it will return asked so what it will do it will return asked so what it will do it will return a leaf. Fine. Now true underscore rows a leaf. Fine. Now true underscore rows a leaf. Fine. Now true underscore rows or false rows equal partition with rows or false rows equal partition with rows or false rows equal partition with rows and the question. So if you are reaching and the question. So if you are reaching and the question. So if you are reaching till this position then you have already till this position then you have already till this position then you have already found a feature value which will be used found a feature value which will be used found a feature value which will be used to partition the data set. Then what you to partition the data set. Then what you to partition the data set. Then what you will do? you will recursively build the will do? you will recursively build the will do? you will recursively build the true branch and similarly recursively true branch and similarly recursively true branch and similarly recursively build the false branch. So return build the false branch. So return build the false branch. So return decision node and inside that we'll be decision node and inside that we'll be decision node and inside that we'll be passing question true branch and false passing question true branch and false passing question true branch and false branch. So what it will do it will branch. So what it will do it will branch. So what it will do it will return a question node. Now this return a question node. Now this return a question node. Now this question node this records the best question node this records the best question node this records the best feature or the value to ask at this feature or the value to ask at this feature or the value to ask at this point. Fine. Now that we have built our point. Fine. Now that we have built our point. Fine. Now that we have built our tree next what we'll do we'll define a tree next what we'll do we'll define a tree next what we'll do we'll define a print tree function which will be used print tree function which will be used print tree function which will be used to print the tree. Fine. So finally what to print the tree. Fine. So finally what to print the tree. Fine. So finally what we are doing in this particular function we are doing in this particular function we are doing in this particular function that we are printing our tree. Next is that we are printing our tree. Next is that we are printing our tree. Next is the classify function which will use it the classify function which will use it the classify function which will use it to decide whether to follow the true to decide whether to follow the true to decide whether to follow the true branch or the false branch and then branch or the false branch and then branch or the false branch and then compare to the feature values stored in compare to the feature values stored in compare to the feature values stored in the node to the example we are the node to the example we are the node to the example we are considering. And last what we'll do considering. And last what we'll do considering. And last what we'll do we'll finally print the prediction at we'll finally print the prediction at we'll finally print the prediction at the leaf. So let's execute it and see. the leaf. So let's execute it and see. the leaf. So let's execute it and see. Okay. So this is our testing data. All right. So we printed our leaf as All right. So we printed our leaf as All right. So we printed our leaf as well. Now that we have trained our well. Now that we have trained our well. Now that we have trained our algorithm with our training data set, algorithm with our training data set, algorithm with our training data set, now it's time to test it. So this is our now it's time to test it. So this is our now it's time to test it. So this is our testing data set. So let's finally testing data set. So let's finally testing data set. So let's finally execute it and see what is the result. execute it and see what is the result. execute it and see what is the result. So this is the result you will get. So So this is the result you will get. So So this is the result you will get. So first question which is asked by the first question which is asked by the first question which is asked by the algorithm is is diameter greater than algorithm is is diameter greater than algorithm is is diameter greater than equal to three. If it is true then it equal to three. If it is true then it equal to three. If it is true then it will further ask if the color is yellow. will further ask if the color is yellow. will further ask if the color is yellow. Again if it is true then it will predict Again if it is true then it will predict Again if it is true then it will predict mango as one and lemon with one. All mango as one and lemon with one. All mango as one and lemon with one. All right. And in case it is false then it right. And in case it is false then it right. And in case it is false then it will just predict the mango. Now this will just predict the mango. Now this will just predict the mango. Now this was the true part. Now next coming to if was the true part. Now next coming to if was the true part. Now next coming to if diameter is not greater than or equal to diameter is not greater than or equal to diameter is not greater than or equal to three then in that case it's false. And three then in that case it's false. And three then in that case it's false. And what it will do? It will just predict what it will do? It will just predict what it will do? It will just predict the grape. Fine. Okay. So this was all the grape. Fine. Okay. So this was all the grape. Fine. Okay. So this was all about the coding part. Now let's about the coding part. Now let's about the coding part. Now let's conclude this session. But before conclude this session. But before conclude this session. But before concluding let me just show you one more concluding let me just show you one more concluding let me just show you one more thing. Now there's a scikitlearn thing. Now there's a scikitlearn thing. Now there's a scikitlearn algorithm cheat sheet which explains you algorithm cheat sheet which explains you algorithm cheat sheet which explains you which algorithm you should use and when. which algorithm you should use and when. which algorithm you should use and when. All right it's built in a decision tree All right it's built in a decision tree All right it's built in a decision tree format. Let's see how it is built. So format. Let's see how it is built. So format. Let's see how it is built. So first condition it will check whether first condition it will check whether first condition it will check whether you have 50 samples or not. If your you have 50 samples or not. If your you have 50 samples or not. If your samples are greater than 50 then it will samples are greater than 50 then it will samples are greater than 50 then it will move ahead. If it is less than 50 then move ahead. If it is less than 50 then move ahead. If it is less than 50 then you need to collect more data. If your you need to collect more data. If your you need to collect more data. If your sample is greater than 50 then you have sample is greater than 50 then you have sample is greater than 50 then you have to decide whether you want to predict a to decide whether you want to predict a to decide whether you want to predict a category or not. If you want to predict category or not. If you want to predict category or not. If you want to predict a category then further you will see a category then further you will see a category then further you will see that whether you have labelled data or that whether you have labelled data or that whether you have labelled data or not. If you have labelled data then that not. If you have labelled data then that not. If you have labelled data then that would be a classification algorithm would be a classification algorithm would be a classification algorithm problem. If you don't have the label problem. If you don't have the label problem. If you don't have the label data then it would be a clustering data then it would be a clustering data then it would be a clustering problem. Now if you don't want to problem. Now if you don't want to problem. Now if you don't want to predict a category then what do you want predict a category then what do you want predict a category then what do you want to predict? Predict a quantity. Well if to predict? Predict a quantity. Well if to predict? Predict a quantity. Well if you want to predict a quantity then in you want to predict a quantity then in you want to predict a quantity then in that case it would be a regression that case it would be a regression that case it would be a regression problem. If you don't want to predict a problem. If you don't want to predict a problem. If you don't want to predict a quantity and you want to keep looking quantity and you want to keep looking quantity and you want to keep looking further then in that case you should go further then in that case you should go further then in that case you should go for dimensionality deduction problems. for dimensionality deduction problems. for dimensionality deduction problems. And still if you don't want to look and And still if you don't want to look and And still if you don't want to look and the predicting structure is not working the predicting structure is not working the predicting structure is not working then you have tough luck for that. [music] Okay. Okay. So now let's understand what Okay. Okay. So now let's understand what Okay. Okay. So now let's understand what is a random forest. So random forest is is a random forest. So random forest is is a random forest. So random forest is constructed by using multiple decision constructed by using multiple decision constructed by using multiple decision trees and the final decision is obtained trees and the final decision is obtained trees and the final decision is obtained by majority votes of these decision by majority votes of these decision by majority votes of these decision trees. So let me make things very simple trees. So let me make things very simple trees. So let me make things very simple for you by taking an example. Now for you by taking an example. Now for you by taking an example. Now suppose we have got three independent suppose we have got three independent suppose we have got three independent decision trees. Yeah, we are just taking decision trees. Yeah, we are just taking decision trees. Yeah, we are just taking three decision trees and I have got an three decision trees and I have got an three decision trees and I have got an unknown fruit and I want that these unknown fruit and I want that these unknown fruit and I want that these trees would give me a result of what trees would give me a result of what trees would give me a result of what exactly this fruit is. So I pass this exactly this fruit is. So I pass this exactly this fruit is. So I pass this fruit to the first decision tree, the fruit to the first decision tree, the fruit to the first decision tree, the second decision tree and the third second decision tree and the third second decision tree and the third decision tree. Now a random forest is decision tree. Now a random forest is decision tree. Now a random forest is nothing but a combination of these nothing but a combination of these nothing but a combination of these decision trees. So the results are been decision trees. So the results are been decision trees. So the results are been fed into the random forest algorithm. So fed into the random forest algorithm. So fed into the random forest algorithm. So what it sees is that okay the first what it sees is that okay the first what it sees is that okay the first decision tree classifies it as peach. decision tree classifies it as peach. decision tree classifies it as peach. The second decision tree says that it is The second decision tree says that it is The second decision tree says that it is an apple and the third one says that it an apple and the third one says that it an apple and the third one says that it is a peach. So random forest classifier is a peach. So random forest classifier is a peach. So random forest classifier says that okay I've got the result as says that okay I've got the result as says that okay I've got the result as two peach and one for an apple. So I two peach and one for an apple. So I two peach and one for an apple. So I would say that the unknown fruit is an would say that the unknown fruit is an would say that the unknown fruit is an peach. All right. So this is based on peach. All right. So this is based on peach. All right. So this is based on the majority voting of the decision the majority voting of the decision the majority voting of the decision trees and that is how a random forest trees and that is how a random forest trees and that is how a random forest classifier comes to a decision of classifier comes to a decision of classifier comes to a decision of predicting the unknown value. Okay. predicting the unknown value. Okay. predicting the unknown value. Okay. Okay. So this was a classification Okay. So this was a classification Okay. So this was a classification problem. So it took the majority vote. problem. So it took the majority vote. problem. So it took the majority vote. Now suppose if it was an regression Now suppose if it was an regression Now suppose if it was an regression problem, it would have taken mean of it. problem, it would have taken mean of it. problem, it would have taken mean of it. Okay. So now let's move on further to Okay. So now let's move on further to Okay. So now let's move on further to understanding what is a decision tree. understanding what is a decision tree. understanding what is a decision tree. But before that we should understand But before that we should understand But before that we should understand that random forest the building blocks that random forest the building blocks that random forest the building blocks are decision trees and that's why are decision trees and that's why are decision trees and that's why studying decision tree becomes important studying decision tree becomes important studying decision tree becomes important because if we understand one decision because if we understand one decision because if we understand one decision tree we can apply the same concept to tree we can apply the same concept to tree we can apply the same concept to random forest. Okay. So let us random forest. Okay. So let us random forest. Okay. So let us understand what is a decision tree. So understand what is a decision tree. So understand what is a decision tree. So decision tree has basically three nodes. decision tree has basically three nodes. decision tree has basically three nodes. They're important. The first one is the They're important. The first one is the They're important. The first one is the root node. The root node as the name root node. The root node as the name root node. The root node as the name suggests here the data set the entire suggests here the data set the entire suggests here the data set the entire data set is fed at the root node. And data set is fed at the root node. And data set is fed at the root node. And then there are decision nodes where then there are decision nodes where then there are decision nodes where decisions are being taken and splitting decisions are being taken and splitting decisions are being taken and splitting is performed. And then we've got the is performed. And then we've got the is performed. And then we've got the leaf node. And these leaf nodes are the leaf node. And these leaf nodes are the leaf node. And these leaf nodes are the ending point of the tree where no ending point of the tree where no ending point of the tree where no further division takes place. And we can further division takes place. And we can further division takes place. And we can say that the predictions are made at the say that the predictions are made at the say that the predictions are made at the leaf nodes. Okay. Now another thing to leaf nodes. Okay. Now another thing to leaf nodes. Okay. Now another thing to note here is that decision nodes provide note here is that decision nodes provide note here is that decision nodes provide links to the leaf nodes and decision links to the leaf nodes and decision links to the leaf nodes and decision tree breaks the data set into smaller tree breaks the data set into smaller tree breaks the data set into smaller subsets. Splitting is done at nodes and subsets. Splitting is done at nodes and subsets. Splitting is done at nodes and at the end of the tree the final point at the end of the tree the final point at the end of the tree the final point the decision or the prediction is made. the decision or the prediction is made. the decision or the prediction is made. Now let's construct a decision tree and Now let's construct a decision tree and Now let's construct a decision tree and take an example of the penguin's take an example of the penguin's take an example of the penguin's classification. So let me just walk you classification. So let me just walk you classification. So let me just walk you through what is this penguin through what is this penguin through what is this penguin classification problem. So we've got classification problem. So we've got classification problem. So we've got some three species of penguin. Let us some three species of penguin. Let us some three species of penguin. Let us get familiar with these penguin species. get familiar with these penguin species. get familiar with these penguin species. This is kento, this is Edelie and this This is kento, this is Edelie and this This is kento, this is Edelie and this is chinstripe species. So these are the is chinstripe species. So these are the is chinstripe species. So these are the penguin species of Antarctica and they penguin species of Antarctica and they penguin species of Antarctica and they are found on different islands. So we are found on different islands. So we are found on different islands. So we have to classify these penguin species have to classify these penguin species have to classify these penguin species correctly. So we using random forest correctly. So we using random forest correctly. So we using random forest here. But for convenience sake, let us here. But for convenience sake, let us here. But for convenience sake, let us just work with decision tree right now just work with decision tree right now just work with decision tree right now and we will see how a decision tree and we will see how a decision tree and we will see how a decision tree really classifies these species. So really classifies these species. So really classifies these species. So that's really interesting and let's move that's really interesting and let's move that's really interesting and let's move on forward and understand some parts of on forward and understand some parts of on forward and understand some parts of this penguin because we'll be working this penguin because we'll be working this penguin because we'll be working with this data set. Okay. So this is a with this data set. Okay. So this is a with this data set. Okay. So this is a penguin and this is the head, bill, penguin and this is the head, bill, penguin and this is the head, bill, flipper, belly and claws. The different flipper, belly and claws. The different flipper, belly and claws. The different body parts of the penguin. So we are body parts of the penguin. So we are body parts of the penguin. So we are majorly concerned with the bill and majorly concerned with the bill and majorly concerned with the bill and flipper and the body mass of the penguin flipper and the body mass of the penguin flipper and the body mass of the penguin because our data set contains majorly of because our data set contains majorly of because our data set contains majorly of these features. So make sure that you these features. So make sure that you these features. So make sure that you understand the flippers and also the understand the flippers and also the understand the flippers and also the bill of the penguin. Okay. So now moving bill of the penguin. Okay. So now moving bill of the penguin. Okay. So now moving on forward and let us now construct a on forward and let us now construct a on forward and let us now construct a decision tree. So let's see how a decision tree. So let's see how a decision tree. So let's see how a decision tree is constructed. So I have decision tree is constructed. So I have decision tree is constructed. So I have taken a subset of the penguin's data. taken a subset of the penguin's data. taken a subset of the penguin's data. And here we see only two columns that is And here we see only two columns that is And here we see only two columns that is um island and body mass and of course um island and body mass and of course um island and body mass and of course the species of the penguin that is the the species of the penguin that is the the species of the penguin that is the outcome or the target variable that we outcome or the target variable that we outcome or the target variable that we have in this subset. So now we construct have in this subset. So now we construct have in this subset. So now we construct a decision tree here and we take body a decision tree here and we take body a decision tree here and we take body mass as the first feature and the mass as the first feature and the mass as the first feature and the splitting is done based on one condition splitting is done based on one condition splitting is done based on one condition that if the body mass is greater than that if the body mass is greater than that if the body mass is greater than equal to 3500 and if it is yes then equal to 3500 and if it is yes then equal to 3500 and if it is yes then based on island the another feature we based on island the another feature we based on island the another feature we will classify or get the leaf node as will classify or get the leaf node as will classify or get the leaf node as either torresen or bisco island. So if either torresen or bisco island. So if either torresen or bisco island. So if the island is either Toggressen then the the island is either Toggressen then the the island is either Toggressen then the species would be Edelie and if the species would be Edelie and if the species would be Edelie and if the island is Bisco then the specy would be island is Bisco then the specy would be island is Bisco then the specy would be Gento. So after Toggressen and Bisco no Gento. So after Toggressen and Bisco no Gento. So after Toggressen and Bisco no further division takes place because we further division takes place because we further division takes place because we are getting the predictions at these are getting the predictions at these are getting the predictions at these leaf nodes. Whereas if the body mass is leaf nodes. Whereas if the body mass is leaf nodes. Whereas if the body mass is less than equal to 3500 and it says that less than equal to 3500 and it says that less than equal to 3500 and it says that yes the body mass is less than 3500. So yes the body mass is less than 3500. So yes the body mass is less than 3500. So we get the species as chin strip and so we get the species as chin strip and so we get the species as chin strip and so no further decision had to be made at no further decision had to be made at no further decision had to be made at this node and that's why it was been this node and that's why it was been this node and that's why it was been ended here. So this was a very simple ended here. So this was a very simple ended here. So this was a very simple basic example of a decision tree and basic example of a decision tree and basic example of a decision tree and suppose if we had got a huge data set suppose if we had got a huge data set suppose if we had got a huge data set this decision tree would have gone into this decision tree would have gone into this decision tree would have gone into a huge depth and the depth of the a huge depth and the depth of the a huge depth and the depth of the decision tree would have led to decision tree would have led to decision tree would have led to overfitting of the data. So that is one overfitting of the data. So that is one overfitting of the data. So that is one of the drawback of decision trees that of the drawback of decision trees that of the drawback of decision trees that random forest overcomes. So now let's random forest overcomes. So now let's random forest overcomes. So now let's move on forward and understand the move on forward and understand the move on forward and understand the important terms in random forest and important terms in random forest and important terms in random forest and this will also help us consolidate this will also help us consolidate this will also help us consolidate whatever we have learned so far. So we whatever we have learned so far. So we whatever we have learned so far. So we have taken the same small decision tree have taken the same small decision tree have taken the same small decision tree of the previous example and let's of the previous example and let's of the previous example and let's understand these are also the important understand these are also the important understand these are also the important terms which will be relevant to random terms which will be relevant to random terms which will be relevant to random forest also. So the first is the root forest also. So the first is the root forest also. So the first is the root node. Now here what happens is that the node. Now here what happens is that the node. Now here what happens is that the entire training data has been fed to the entire training data has been fed to the entire training data has been fed to the root node and then we've got here that root node and then we've got here that root node and then we've got here that each node will ask either true or false each node will ask either true or false each node will ask either true or false question with respect to one of the question with respect to one of the question with respect to one of the feature and then in response to that feature and then in response to that feature and then in response to that question it will partition the data set question it will partition the data set question it will partition the data set into different subsets. That's what it into different subsets. That's what it into different subsets. That's what it is it is doing here based on the is it is doing here based on the is it is doing here based on the condition that if the mass body mass is condition that if the mass body mass is condition that if the mass body mass is greater than equal to 3500 it ask a greater than equal to 3500 it ask a greater than equal to 3500 it ask a question either yes or no and based on question either yes or no and based on question either yes or no and based on that again for the partition is done and that again for the partition is done and that again for the partition is done and if not then it just classifies the if not then it just classifies the if not then it just classifies the species and then again what happens is species and then again what happens is species and then again what happens is that the splitting now this is very that the splitting now this is very that the splitting now this is very important here the splitting takes place important here the splitting takes place important here the splitting takes place either with the help of a genie or either with the help of a genie or either with the help of a genie or entropy methods and these helps to entropy methods and these helps to entropy methods and these helps to decide the optimal split and we will be decide the optimal split and we will be decide the optimal split and we will be discussing about splitting methods very discussing about splitting methods very discussing about splitting methods very soon, right? Okay. And then we've got soon, right? Okay. And then we've got soon, right? Okay. And then we've got the decision nodes which provide the the decision nodes which provide the the decision nodes which provide the link to the leaf nodes and these are link to the leaf nodes and these are link to the leaf nodes and these are really important because then only the really important because then only the really important because then only the leaf nodes would tell us what actually leaf nodes would tell us what actually leaf nodes would tell us what actually the real predictions or to which class the real predictions or to which class the real predictions or to which class does the species belong. So now coming does the species belong. So now coming does the species belong. So now coming to the leaf node and these are the end to the leaf node and these are the end to the leaf node and these are the end points where no further division will points where no further division will points where no further division will take place and we will obtain our take place and we will obtain our take place and we will obtain our predictions. Okay. So now coming up to predictions. Okay. So now coming up to predictions. Okay. So now coming up to another important thing here is working another important thing here is working another important thing here is working of random forest. So now for working of of random forest. So now for working of of random forest. So now for working of random forest we will have to understand random forest we will have to understand random forest we will have to understand a few important concepts like random a few important concepts like random a few important concepts like random sampling with replacement feature sampling with replacement feature sampling with replacement feature selection and also the ensemble selection and also the ensemble selection and also the ensemble technique which is used in random forest technique which is used in random forest technique which is used in random forest and that is bootstrap aggregation which and that is bootstrap aggregation which and that is bootstrap aggregation which is also known as bagging. So we will is also known as bagging. So we will is also known as bagging. So we will understand this with the help of an understand this with the help of an understand this with the help of an example which will be very simple and example which will be very simple and example which will be very simple and then we will go on understanding how then we will go on understanding how then we will go on understanding how feature selection is done in both the feature selection is done in both the feature selection is done in both the classification and the regression classification and the regression classification and the regression problem. Actually how random forest problem. Actually how random forest problem. Actually how random forest select features for the construction of select features for the construction of select features for the construction of decision trees. Well in random forest decision trees. Well in random forest decision trees. Well in random forest the best split is chosen based on genie the best split is chosen based on genie the best split is chosen based on genie impurity or information gain methods. So impurity or information gain methods. So impurity or information gain methods. So this also we will understand. Now let us this also we will understand. Now let us this also we will understand. Now let us first understand random sampling with first understand random sampling with first understand random sampling with replacement. Now what happens here is replacement. Now what happens here is replacement. Now what happens here is that we have got a small subset of the that we have got a small subset of the that we have got a small subset of the same penguin data set wherein we've got same penguin data set wherein we've got same penguin data set wherein we've got some six rows and four features that some six rows and four features that some six rows and four features that means four columns and the arrows that means four columns and the arrows that means four columns and the arrows that you can see is that now we will be you can see is that now we will be you can see is that now we will be creating three subsets from this small creating three subsets from this small creating three subsets from this small subset right and these three subsets subset right and these three subsets subset right and these three subsets will become our decision trees and then will become our decision trees and then will become our decision trees and then we'll be constructing decision trees we'll be constructing decision trees we'll be constructing decision trees from these subsets. So let us create our from these subsets. So let us create our from these subsets. So let us create our first subset. And you can see here that first subset. And you can see here that first subset. And you can see here that the subset is randomly being created. the subset is randomly being created. the subset is randomly being created. And for convenience sake, let me just And for convenience sake, let me just And for convenience sake, let me just also show you the different subsets also show you the different subsets also show you the different subsets here. Okay. So now for better here. Okay. So now for better here. Okay. So now for better understanding, let us understand this understanding, let us understand this understanding, let us understand this that in the first subset if we focus, that in the first subset if we focus, that in the first subset if we focus, we've got certain random rows here and we've got certain random rows here and we've got certain random rows here and we've got certain feature. But we do not we've got certain feature. But we do not we've got certain feature. But we do not know how this feature has been selected. know how this feature has been selected. know how this feature has been selected. We got island and we got body mass. But We got island and we got body mass. But We got island and we got body mass. But in the second subset we got island and in the second subset we got island and in the second subset we got island and flipper length. And in the third subset flipper length. And in the third subset flipper length. And in the third subset we got body mass and flipper length. we got body mass and flipper length. we got body mass and flipper length. Right? Now let's look at the rows. Now Right? Now let's look at the rows. Now Right? Now let's look at the rows. Now when I am talking about these features I when I am talking about these features I when I am talking about these features I will say this is feature selection. And will say this is feature selection. And will say this is feature selection. And remember this term. Now coming to the remember this term. Now coming to the remember this term. Now coming to the second concept that is random sampling. second concept that is random sampling. second concept that is random sampling. Now random sampling is nothing but Now random sampling is nothing but Now random sampling is nothing but selecting randomly from your subset. So selecting randomly from your subset. So selecting randomly from your subset. So I'm selecting randomly certain rows from I'm selecting randomly certain rows from I'm selecting randomly certain rows from my subset and creating further subset. my subset and creating further subset. my subset and creating further subset. Okay. So what is replacement here? Okay. So what is replacement here? Okay. So what is replacement here? Replacement is can be seen here and can Replacement is can be seen here and can Replacement is can be seen here and can be understood with this second subset. be understood with this second subset. be understood with this second subset. We see here that the gento species this We see here that the gento species this We see here that the gento species this row is being repeated again and this is row is being repeated again and this is row is being repeated again and this is replacement. That means that when we are replacement. That means that when we are replacement. That means that when we are working with repeated rows and this row working with repeated rows and this row working with repeated rows and this row can be repeated again in the second or can be repeated again in the second or can be repeated again in the second or the third subset then this is random the third subset then this is random the third subset then this is random sampling with replacement. That means my sampling with replacement. That means my sampling with replacement. That means my random forest can use a row multiple random forest can use a row multiple random forest can use a row multiple times in multiple decision trees. Right? times in multiple decision trees. Right? times in multiple decision trees. Right? So this is the basic concept of random So this is the basic concept of random So this is the basic concept of random sampling with replacement and feature sampling with replacement and feature sampling with replacement and feature selection in random forest. Another selection in random forest. Another selection in random forest. Another important term which I would like to important term which I would like to important term which I would like to bring into the notice is that when we bring into the notice is that when we bring into the notice is that when we are working with these type of small are working with these type of small are working with these type of small subsets these are also known as a subsets these are also known as a subsets these are also known as a bootstrap data sets and when we bootstrap data sets and when we bootstrap data sets and when we aggregate the results of all these data aggregate the results of all these data aggregate the results of all these data set it becomes bootstrap aggregation. So set it becomes bootstrap aggregation. So set it becomes bootstrap aggregation. So just filling in the gaps so that later just filling in the gaps so that later just filling in the gaps so that later on the concepts become more clear. So on the concepts become more clear. So on the concepts become more clear. So now let's move on to drawing decision now let's move on to drawing decision now let's move on to drawing decision trees of these subsets. Okay. So let's trees of these subsets. Okay. So let's trees of these subsets. Okay. So let's draw the decision tree of the first draw the decision tree of the first draw the decision tree of the first subset. Again we are taking body mass as subset. Again we are taking body mass as subset. Again we are taking body mass as the first root note and then based on a the first root note and then based on a the first root note and then based on a decision like if the mass is greater decision like if the mass is greater decision like if the mass is greater than equal to 3500 then take a decision than equal to 3500 then take a decision than equal to 3500 then take a decision either yes or no. If it is no then the either yes or no. If it is no then the either yes or no. If it is no then the specy is chinstrip and if it is yes then specy is chinstrip and if it is yes then specy is chinstrip and if it is yes then again you partition based on island and again you partition based on island and again you partition based on island and if it is torresen then it is adi and if if it is torresen then it is adi and if if it is torresen then it is adi and if it is visco then it is genu species. it is visco then it is genu species. it is visco then it is genu species. Okay. So this is how we will construct Okay. So this is how we will construct Okay. So this is how we will construct two more decision trees of the remaining two more decision trees of the remaining two more decision trees of the remaining subsets. So on the second subset let us subsets. So on the second subset let us subsets. So on the second subset let us just again create decision tree and here just again create decision tree and here just again create decision tree and here now we are taking flipper length and now we are taking flipper length and now we are taking flipper length and then based on a condition that if the then based on a condition that if the then based on a condition that if the flipper length is greater than equal to flipper length is greater than equal to flipper length is greater than equal to 190 then make a split. If it is yes then 190 then make a split. If it is yes then 190 then make a split. If it is yes then the specy become Gentu and if it is no the specy become Gentu and if it is no the specy become Gentu and if it is no that means again make a decision based that means again make a decision based that means again make a decision based on island and if it is toen it is Edalie on island and if it is toen it is Edalie on island and if it is toen it is Edalie and if the island is dream island then and if the island is dream island then and if the island is dream island then it is a chinstrap species. So this is it is a chinstrap species. So this is it is a chinstrap species. So this is how the decision tree of the second how the decision tree of the second how the decision tree of the second subset has been created and this is how subset has been created and this is how subset has been created and this is how it will take decisions right based on it will take decisions right based on it will take decisions right based on the tree length depth and also the the tree length depth and also the the tree length depth and also the features it is selecting. Okay. So now features it is selecting. Okay. So now features it is selecting. Okay. So now let's create the third decision tree of let's create the third decision tree of let's create the third decision tree of the third subset. And we get a decision the third subset. And we get a decision the third subset. And we get a decision tree something like this where in body tree something like this where in body tree something like this where in body mass if it is greater than 4,000 and if mass if it is greater than 4,000 and if mass if it is greater than 4,000 and if it is yes then clearly it is a gender it is yes then clearly it is a gender it is yes then clearly it is a gender species. And if it is no then again make species. And if it is no then again make species. And if it is no then again make a partition with the with respect to a partition with the with respect to a partition with the with respect to flipper length another feature here. And flipper length another feature here. And flipper length another feature here. And then if it is again greater than equal then if it is again greater than equal then if it is again greater than equal to 190 then the specy would be edley to 190 then the specy would be edley to 190 then the specy would be edley else it would be chinstrap. So this is else it would be chinstrap. So this is else it would be chinstrap. So this is how decision tree three will make a how decision tree three will make a how decision tree three will make a decision. Now let's just keep these decision. Now let's just keep these decision. Now let's just keep these decision trees with us. Okay. And we decision trees with us. Okay. And we decision trees with us. Okay. And we will make sense of these trees just in a will make sense of these trees just in a will make sense of these trees just in a while. Okay. But before that let us while. Okay. But before that let us while. Okay. But before that let us understand how feature selection is done understand how feature selection is done understand how feature selection is done in a random forest. How am I selecting in a random forest. How am I selecting in a random forest. How am I selecting the columns? So for classification by the columns? So for classification by the columns? So for classification by default the feature selection is taken default the feature selection is taken default the feature selection is taken as the square root of total number of as the square root of total number of as the square root of total number of all the features. Now suppose I've got all the features. Now suppose I've got all the features. Now suppose I've got here four features. So it is a here four features. So it is a here four features. So it is a classification problem. I will take the classification problem. I will take the classification problem. I will take the square root of these four features which square root of these four features which square root of these four features which becomes two. So decision tree would be becomes two. So decision tree would be becomes two. So decision tree would be constructed based on two features each. constructed based on two features each. constructed based on two features each. If suppose I had 16 features then it If suppose I had 16 features then it If suppose I had 16 features then it would be square root of 16 that would be would be square root of 16 that would be would be square root of 16 that would be four. So four features would be taken in four. So four features would be taken in four. So four features would be taken in each decision tree. All right. And each decision tree. All right. And each decision tree. All right. And suppose if this would have been a suppose if this would have been a suppose if this would have been a regression problem then by default what regression problem then by default what regression problem then by default what would happen? The features would be would happen? The features would be would happen? The features would be selected by taking the total number of selected by taking the total number of selected by taking the total number of features and dividing them by three. features and dividing them by three. features and dividing them by three. Okay. So this is how by default the Okay. So this is how by default the Okay. So this is how by default the feature selection is being done by a feature selection is being done by a feature selection is being done by a random forest. Okay. Now let us move on random forest. Okay. Now let us move on random forest. Okay. Now let us move on forward to consolidating our learning. forward to consolidating our learning. forward to consolidating our learning. So now we are coming to ensemble So now we are coming to ensemble So now we are coming to ensemble techniques that is also known as techniques that is also known as techniques that is also known as bootstrap aggregation. Random forest bootstrap aggregation. Random forest bootstrap aggregation. Random forest uses assemble techniques. And what is uses assemble techniques. And what is uses assemble techniques. And what is ensembling? It just means that you are ensembling? It just means that you are ensembling? It just means that you are aggregating the result of the decision aggregating the result of the decision aggregating the result of the decision trees and taking the majority vote in trees and taking the majority vote in trees and taking the majority vote in case of classification and the mean in case of classification and the mean in case of classification and the mean in case of regression problems and giving case of regression problems and giving case of regression problems and giving the output. Okay. So now we have again the output. Okay. So now we have again the output. Okay. So now we have again plotted all our decision trees here and plotted all our decision trees here and plotted all our decision trees here and below we can see that there's an unknown below we can see that there's an unknown below we can see that there's an unknown data and I want to predict the species data and I want to predict the species data and I want to predict the species of these data. So what will happen is of these data. So what will happen is of these data. So what will happen is that again let us just feed this problem that again let us just feed this problem that again let us just feed this problem to each of the decision tree and let's to each of the decision tree and let's to each of the decision tree and let's see what each decision tree makes the see what each decision tree makes the see what each decision tree makes the prediction. So I just feed this unknown prediction. So I just feed this unknown prediction. So I just feed this unknown data to decision tree one and it says data to decision tree one and it says data to decision tree one and it says that okay the specy seems to be chin that okay the specy seems to be chin that okay the specy seems to be chin straight. Okay. And then decision tree straight. Okay. And then decision tree straight. Okay. And then decision tree two says that based on the data it has two says that based on the data it has two says that based on the data it has been found that this species is Edie and been found that this species is Edie and been found that this species is Edie and then decision tree three says that no I then decision tree three says that no I then decision tree three says that no I I with my decision tree this species is I with my decision tree this species is I with my decision tree this species is chinstripe okay now all these data is chinstripe okay now all these data is chinstripe okay now all these data is being fed to random forest classifier being fed to random forest classifier being fed to random forest classifier and it says that okay for chinstrip I've and it says that okay for chinstrip I've and it says that okay for chinstrip I've got two votes for edi it's got one vote got two votes for edi it's got one vote got two votes for edi it's got one vote so the new specy would be chinstrap so the new specy would be chinstrap so the new specy would be chinstrap right so this is how the bootstrap right so this is how the bootstrap right so this is how the bootstrap aggregation ation is done based on the aggregation ation is done based on the aggregation ation is done based on the majority voting and the decisions taken majority voting and the decisions taken majority voting and the decisions taken by different decision trees. They have by different decision trees. They have by different decision trees. They have been combined together, aggregated and been combined together, aggregated and been combined together, aggregated and we get an assembled result in the random we get an assembled result in the random we get an assembled result in the random forest. Okay. So this was very simple forest. Okay. So this was very simple forest. Okay. So this was very simple concept of ensemble techniques which has concept of ensemble techniques which has concept of ensemble techniques which has been used in random forest. Okay. So now been used in random forest. Okay. So now been used in random forest. Okay. So now let's move on forward to splitting let's move on forward to splitting let's move on forward to splitting methods. So what are the splitting methods. So what are the splitting methods. So what are the splitting methods that we use in random forest? So methods that we use in random forest? So methods that we use in random forest? So splitting methods are many like genie splitting methods are many like genie splitting methods are many like genie impurity, information gain or kai impurity, information gain or kai impurity, information gain or kai square. So let's discuss about genie square. So let's discuss about genie square. So let's discuss about genie impurity. So genie impurity is nothing impurity. So genie impurity is nothing impurity. So genie impurity is nothing but it is used to predict the likelihood but it is used to predict the likelihood but it is used to predict the likelihood that a randomly selected example would that a randomly selected example would that a randomly selected example would be incorrectly classified by a specific be incorrectly classified by a specific be incorrectly classified by a specific node and it is called impurity metric node and it is called impurity metric node and it is called impurity metric because it shows how the model differs because it shows how the model differs because it shows how the model differs from a pure division. Right? And another from a pure division. Right? And another from a pure division. Right? And another interesting fact about genie impurity is interesting fact about genie impurity is interesting fact about genie impurity is that the impurity ranges from 0 to one that the impurity ranges from 0 to one that the impurity ranges from 0 to one with zero indicating that all of the with zero indicating that all of the with zero indicating that all of the elements belong to a single class and elements belong to a single class and elements belong to a single class and one indicates that only one class exist. one indicates that only one class exist. one indicates that only one class exist. Now value which is like 0.5 this Now value which is like 0.5 this Now value which is like 0.5 this indicates that the elements they are indicates that the elements they are indicates that the elements they are uniformally distributed across some uniformally distributed across some uniformally distributed across some classes. Right? Now moving on forward to classes. Right? Now moving on forward to classes. Right? Now moving on forward to information gain. Now this is another information gain. Now this is another information gain. Now this is another splitting method which random forest can splitting method which random forest can splitting method which random forest can use and information gain utilizes use and information gain utilizes use and information gain utilizes entropy. So entropy is nothing but it is entropy. So entropy is nothing but it is entropy. So entropy is nothing but it is a measure of uncertaintity. So a measure of uncertaintity. So a measure of uncertaintity. So information gain let's talk about that information gain let's talk about that information gain let's talk about that first. So the features they are selected first. So the features they are selected first. So the features they are selected that provides most of the information that provides most of the information that provides most of the information about a class right and this utilizes about a class right and this utilizes about a class right and this utilizes the entropy concept. So let's see what the entropy concept. So let's see what the entropy concept. So let's see what is entropy. This is a measure of is entropy. This is a measure of is entropy. This is a measure of randomness or uncertaintity in the data randomness or uncertaintity in the data randomness or uncertaintity in the data right. So we will understand this right. So we will understand this right. So we will understand this entropy with the help of a small entropy with the help of a small entropy with the help of a small example. So don't worry about it. So example. So don't worry about it. So example. So don't worry about it. So let's understand this entropy. Now let's understand this entropy. Now let's understand this entropy. Now suppose there's a fruit tray with four suppose there's a fruit tray with four suppose there's a fruit tray with four different fruits right and uh what do different fruits right and uh what do different fruits right and uh what do you feel about the entropy here? That you feel about the entropy here? That you feel about the entropy here? That means the randomness of the data. Is it means the randomness of the data. Is it means the randomness of the data. Is it really easy to classify these fruits really easy to classify these fruits really easy to classify these fruits into the respective class? So this into the respective class? So this into the respective class? So this becomes really uncertain and the data becomes really uncertain and the data becomes really uncertain and the data looks messy here. But what if we just looks messy here. But what if we just looks messy here. But what if we just split here these into two trays wherein split here these into two trays wherein split here these into two trays wherein the first tray would have peaches and the first tray would have peaches and the first tray would have peaches and oranges and the second tray will have oranges and the second tray will have oranges and the second tray will have apples and lemons. So now this becomes a apples and lemons. So now this becomes a apples and lemons. So now this becomes a little more certain. We get low little more certain. We get low little more certain. We get low randomness here and this is called as randomness here and this is called as randomness here and this is called as low entropy. So when we move down from low entropy. So when we move down from low entropy. So when we move down from tree that means from root node to the tree that means from root node to the tree that means from root node to the leaf nodes the entropy reduces and we leaf nodes the entropy reduces and we leaf nodes the entropy reduces and we can also calculate information gain from can also calculate information gain from can also calculate information gain from this entropy that is the difference in this entropy that is the difference in this entropy that is the difference in entropy before and after the split that entropy before and after the split that entropy before and after the split that is known as information gain. Okay. So is known as information gain. Okay. So is known as information gain. Okay. So once we move down the tree and start once we move down the tree and start once we move down the tree and start reducing the randomness from the data reducing the randomness from the data reducing the randomness from the data the entropy becomes lower and that is the entropy becomes lower and that is the entropy becomes lower and that is what we want in our data. If there's low what we want in our data. If there's low what we want in our data. If there's low entropy that means we are likely that entropy that means we are likely that entropy that means we are likely that the predictions would be more accurate the predictions would be more accurate the predictions would be more accurate and we can make predictions very easily and we can make predictions very easily and we can make predictions very easily as compared to very messy data which has as compared to very messy data which has as compared to very messy data which has high entropy. Okay. So that was about high entropy. Okay. So that was about high entropy. Okay. So that was about entropy. So now let's move on to entropy. So now let's move on to entropy. So now let's move on to understanding the advantages of random understanding the advantages of random understanding the advantages of random forest and we see here various forest and we see here various forest and we see here various advantages. So let's focus on firstly advantages. So let's focus on firstly advantages. So let's focus on firstly low variance. Now since random forest low variance. Now since random forest low variance. Now since random forest overcomes the limitations of decision overcomes the limitations of decision overcomes the limitations of decision tree and it also has the advantage of tree and it also has the advantage of tree and it also has the advantage of low variance because it combines the low variance because it combines the low variance because it combines the result of multiple decision trees and result of multiple decision trees and result of multiple decision trees and each decision tree is being trained on each decision tree is being trained on each decision tree is being trained on limited data set that we have seen limited data set that we have seen limited data set that we have seen earlier also. So each tree was making earlier also. So each tree was making earlier also. So each tree was making its own subset of data and training the its own subset of data and training the its own subset of data and training the data on that limited length of the tree. data on that limited length of the tree. data on that limited length of the tree. So there's less step there's less So there's less step there's less So there's less step there's less overfitting and low variance of the overfitting and low variance of the overfitting and low variance of the data. So coming to the next point that data. So coming to the next point that data. So coming to the next point that is reduced overfitting. Again since we is reduced overfitting. Again since we is reduced overfitting. Again since we were working with multiple decision were working with multiple decision were working with multiple decision trees hence reduced depth of the tree. trees hence reduced depth of the tree. trees hence reduced depth of the tree. So we get reduced overfitting that means So we get reduced overfitting that means So we get reduced overfitting that means the model is fitted well and it does not the model is fitted well and it does not the model is fitted well and it does not tries to learn even the noises right. So tries to learn even the noises right. So tries to learn even the noises right. So uh we use the bootstrap aggregation or uh we use the bootstrap aggregation or uh we use the bootstrap aggregation or bagging here in random forest and that bagging here in random forest and that bagging here in random forest and that is why we also get reduced overfitting is why we also get reduced overfitting is why we also get reduced overfitting in random forest and this is one of the in random forest and this is one of the in random forest and this is one of the reasons that why is it so popular reasons that why is it so popular reasons that why is it so popular because you don't have to worry about because you don't have to worry about because you don't have to worry about overfitting of the data right all right overfitting of the data right all right overfitting of the data right all right now moving on forward to the another now moving on forward to the another now moving on forward to the another advantage is that the normalization is advantage is that the normalization is advantage is that the normalization is not required in random forest because it not required in random forest because it not required in random forest because it works on rule-based approach right and works on rule-based approach right and works on rule-based approach right and uh another advantage is that it gives uh another advantage is that it gives uh another advantage is that it gives really good accuracy which we will also really good accuracy which we will also really good accuracy which we will also see in our hands-on. It really gives a see in our hands-on. It really gives a see in our hands-on. It really gives a very nice predictions either precision very nice predictions either precision very nice predictions either precision or recall and generalizes well on unseen or recall and generalizes well on unseen or recall and generalizes well on unseen data as compared to other classifiers or data as compared to other classifiers or data as compared to other classifiers or machine learning classifiers which are machine learning classifiers which are machine learning classifiers which are present like nbase or SVM or KN&amp;N. present like nbase or SVM or KN&amp;N. present like nbase or SVM or KN&amp;N. Random forest really outperforms other Random forest really outperforms other Random forest really outperforms other classifiers. Right? So let's move on to classifiers. Right? So let's move on to classifiers. Right? So let's move on to understanding few more advantages of understanding few more advantages of understanding few more advantages of random forest is that it is suitable for random forest is that it is suitable for random forest is that it is suitable for both classification and regression both classification and regression both classification and regression problems and also it works well with problems and also it works well with problems and also it works well with both categorical and continuous data. So both categorical and continuous data. So both categorical and continuous data. So you can use it well with any of the data you can use it well with any of the data you can use it well with any of the data sets, right? And it performs well on sets, right? And it performs well on sets, right? And it performs well on large data sets, right? So it solves large data sets, right? So it solves large data sets, right? So it solves most of the problem. That's why random most of the problem. That's why random most of the problem. That's why random forest is largely been used in machine forest is largely been used in machine forest is largely been used in machine learning problems. Now moving on forward learning problems. Now moving on forward learning problems. Now moving on forward to certain disadvantages of random to certain disadvantages of random to certain disadvantages of random forest. So the first disadvantage is forest. So the first disadvantage is forest. So the first disadvantage is that it requires more training time that it requires more training time that it requires more training time because of the multiple decision trees. because of the multiple decision trees. because of the multiple decision trees. If you've got a huge data set, you would If you've got a huge data set, you would If you've got a huge data set, you would be constructing hundreds and hundreds of be constructing hundreds and hundreds of be constructing hundreds and hundreds of decision trees and that requires a lot decision trees and that requires a lot decision trees and that requires a lot of training time. And here comes one of training time. And here comes one of training time. And here comes one more disadvantages is that the more disadvantages is that the more disadvantages is that the interpretation becomes really complex interpretation becomes really complex interpretation becomes really complex when you've got multiple decision trees. when you've got multiple decision trees. when you've got multiple decision trees. So decision tree interpretation is easy So decision tree interpretation is easy So decision tree interpretation is easy because it is an individual decision because it is an individual decision because it is an individual decision tree. But when you combine hundreds of tree. But when you combine hundreds of tree. But when you combine hundreds of decision tree to form a random forest, decision tree to form a random forest, decision tree to form a random forest, the interpretation is really very the interpretation is really very the interpretation is really very difficult to understand and it becomes difficult to understand and it becomes difficult to understand and it becomes quite complex to apprehend what exactly quite complex to apprehend what exactly quite complex to apprehend what exactly the model is trying to predict and where the model is trying to predict and where the model is trying to predict and where the splitting occurs and what features the splitting occurs and what features the splitting occurs and what features are being selected and so on. And are being selected and so on. And are being selected and so on. And another disadvantage is that it requires another disadvantage is that it requires another disadvantage is that it requires more memory. So memory utilization is more memory. So memory utilization is more memory. So memory utilization is really heavy in case of random forest really heavy in case of random forest really heavy in case of random forest because we are working with multiple because we are working with multiple because we are working with multiple decision trees. And another disadvantage decision trees. And another disadvantage decision trees. And another disadvantage is that it is computationally expensive is that it is computationally expensive is that it is computationally expensive and requires a lot of resources because and requires a lot of resources because and requires a lot of resources because of the training of multiple decision of the training of multiple decision of the training of multiple decision trees and also storing them. All right. trees and also storing them. All right. trees and also storing them. All right. So this was all about random forest the So this was all about random forest the So this was all about random forest the theory part of it and now let us just theory part of it and now let us just theory part of it and now let us just move on to the practical demonstration move on to the practical demonstration move on to the practical demonstration or a hands-on on random forest. Okay. So or a hands-on on random forest. Okay. So or a hands-on on random forest. Okay. So now it's time for an hands-on on random now it's time for an hands-on on random now it's time for an hands-on on random forest. So let us just import a few forest. So let us just import a few forest. So let us just import a few basic libraries of Python in our Jupyter basic libraries of Python in our Jupyter basic libraries of Python in our Jupyter notebook and we will run this. We will notebook and we will run this. We will notebook and we will run this. We will import pandas spd numpy as np and import pandas spd numpy as np and import pandas spd numpy as np and seaborn as sns. Now seaborn is need seaborn as sns. Now seaborn is need seaborn as sns. Now seaborn is need needed here because we want to load a needed here because we want to load a needed here because we want to load a data set that is a penguins data set data set that is a penguins data set data set that is a penguins data set with the help of seaborn and this is with the help of seaborn and this is with the help of seaborn and this is already been preloaded in seaborn. This already been preloaded in seaborn. This already been preloaded in seaborn. This is already loaded data set and seabon is already loaded data set and seabon is already loaded data set and seabon has got multiple data sets you know for has got multiple data sets you know for has got multiple data sets you know for practice for beginners. So it is a good practice for beginners. So it is a good practice for beginners. So it is a good way to practice for data sets. Now we way to practice for data sets. Now we way to practice for data sets. Now we can see this asterisk sign that means it can see this asterisk sign that means it can see this asterisk sign that means it is telling us to wait. So let us just is telling us to wait. So let us just is telling us to wait. So let us just let it get loaded. So we get got our let it get loaded. So we get got our let it get loaded. So we get got our data in an object called DF and we can data in an object called DF and we can data in an object called DF and we can see the first five entries here and this see the first five entries here and this see the first five entries here and this uh data frame is shown in the form of a uh data frame is shown in the form of a uh data frame is shown in the form of a table rows and columns and we see here table rows and columns and we see here table rows and columns and we see here some species bill length bill depth some species bill length bill depth some species bill length bill depth flipper length body mass and the sex of flipper length body mass and the sex of flipper length body mass and the sex of the penguin. So our task is to specify the penguin. So our task is to specify the penguin. So our task is to specify or to classify these species of penguins or to classify these species of penguins or to classify these species of penguins into the respective correct species. into the respective correct species. into the respective correct species. Right? So we see the shape of our data Right? So we see the shape of our data Right? So we see the shape of our data and we see that it is like 344 rows and and we see that it is like 344 rows and and we see that it is like 344 rows and seven columns and we will see the info. seven columns and we will see the info. seven columns and we will see the info. So we see df.info and this gives us So we see df.info and this gives us So we see df.info and this gives us along with the non-null count we also along with the non-null count we also along with the non-null count we also get the data type of the values. So we get the data type of the values. So we get the data type of the values. So we have got species island as the object have got species island as the object have got species island as the object data type whereas the bill length, bill data type whereas the bill length, bill data type whereas the bill length, bill depth, ripple length and body mass are depth, ripple length and body mass are depth, ripple length and body mass are in floating point or you can say in floating point or you can say in floating point or you can say floating data type and the sex is in floating data type and the sex is in floating data type and the sex is in object data type. Right? So now moving object data type. Right? So now moving object data type. Right? So now moving on forward to calculating how many null on forward to calculating how many null on forward to calculating how many null values are there with the help of values are there with the help of values are there with the help of df.isnull dots sum. So we get certain df.isnull dots sum. So we get certain df.isnull dots sum. So we get certain like sum around two null values in all like sum around two null values in all like sum around two null values in all these columns as you can say the these columns as you can say the these columns as you can say the features like bill length, bill depth, features like bill length, bill depth, features like bill length, bill depth, flipper length and body mass whereas flipper length and body mass whereas flipper length and body mass whereas there are 11 null values in sex feature. there are 11 null values in sex feature. there are 11 null values in sex feature. Right? So what we do is since they are Right? So what we do is since they are Right? So what we do is since they are very small null values we can just drop very small null values we can just drop very small null values we can just drop it or you can also ignore them. So here it or you can also ignore them. So here it or you can also ignore them. So here in this data frame what I'm doing is I'm in this data frame what I'm doing is I'm in this data frame what I'm doing is I'm just dropping these null values and let just dropping these null values and let just dropping these null values and let us just check whether the they have been us just check whether the they have been us just check whether the they have been dropped or not with the help of again dropped or not with the help of again dropped or not with the help of again the same function dot isnull dots sum the same function dot isnull dots sum the same function dot isnull dots sum and then we see that yes they have been and then we see that yes they have been and then we see that yes they have been dropped from our data frame. Now let us dropped from our data frame. Now let us dropped from our data frame. Now let us do some feature engineering with our do some feature engineering with our do some feature engineering with our data. Now we have seen that we have got data. Now we have seen that we have got data. Now we have seen that we have got some object data type in our data frame some object data type in our data frame some object data type in our data frame and before feeding it into algorithm and before feeding it into algorithm and before feeding it into algorithm that is random forest we have to that is random forest we have to that is random forest we have to transform the categorical data or the transform the categorical data or the transform the categorical data or the object data type into the numeric. So we object data type into the numeric. So we object data type into the numeric. So we are using here one hot encoding to are using here one hot encoding to are using here one hot encoding to convert the categorical data into convert the categorical data into convert the categorical data into numeric. Now there are various ways in numeric. Now there are various ways in numeric. Now there are various ways in Python which we can do that like one hot Python which we can do that like one hot Python which we can do that like one hot encoding or you can also use mapping encoding or you can also use mapping encoding or you can also use mapping function in Python but here we are using function in Python but here we are using function in Python but here we are using one hot encoding. So let us just do that one hot encoding. So let us just do that one hot encoding. So let us just do that and we find here first of all let us and we find here first of all let us and we find here first of all let us apply it on the sex column and here we apply it on the sex column and here we apply it on the sex column and here we see that we have got two unique values see that we have got two unique values see that we have got two unique values in sex that is male and female and we in sex that is male and female and we in sex that is male and female and we use pandas here to get dummies that is use pandas here to get dummies that is use pandas here to get dummies that is how we will apply this one hot encoding how we will apply this one hot encoding how we will apply this one hot encoding because this is how get dummies work. So because this is how get dummies work. So because this is how get dummies work. So what happens is here is that the new what happens is here is that the new what happens is here is that the new unique values are converted into the unique values are converted into the unique values are converted into the respective columns in the data frame. So respective columns in the data frame. So respective columns in the data frame. So we see here we have got two unique we see here we have got two unique we see here we have got two unique values males and female and they are values males and female and they are values males and female and they are being converted into the columns. Okay. being converted into the columns. Okay. being converted into the columns. Okay. So one thing to note here is that we So one thing to note here is that we So one thing to note here is that we also get a problem of dummy trap because also get a problem of dummy trap because also get a problem of dummy trap because here we see only two unique values. Now here we see only two unique values. Now here we see only two unique values. Now suppose if I had six or seven unique suppose if I had six or seven unique suppose if I had six or seven unique values and I do this one hot encoding I values and I do this one hot encoding I values and I do this one hot encoding I would have lots of features in my data would have lots of features in my data would have lots of features in my data frame and that would lead to several frame and that would lead to several frame and that would lead to several complexities. So what I do is uh to keep complexities. So what I do is uh to keep complexities. So what I do is uh to keep things simple I can use one hot encoding things simple I can use one hot encoding things simple I can use one hot encoding when my data frame or my unique counts when my data frame or my unique counts when my data frame or my unique counts are low when my unique values are less. are low when my unique values are less. are low when my unique values are less. So since I had just two or three I can So since I had just two or three I can So since I had just two or three I can use it. So I'm using here. So what I do use it. So I'm using here. So what I do use it. So I'm using here. So what I do is again now one row one column as we is again now one row one column as we is again now one row one column as we can see here that it is redundant giving can see here that it is redundant giving can see here that it is redundant giving me extra information. So I will just me extra information. So I will just me extra information. So I will just drop it. So I'll drop this first column drop it. So I'll drop this first column drop it. So I'll drop this first column and what I get in this data frame is and what I get in this data frame is and what I get in this data frame is only male. So let us just infer whether only male. So let us just infer whether only male. So let us just infer whether I can also infer females from this or I can also infer females from this or I can also infer females from this or not. So if the value is one that means not. So if the value is one that means not. So if the value is one that means the penguin is a male and if the value the penguin is a male and if the value the penguin is a male and if the value is zero that means the penguin is a is zero that means the penguin is a is zero that means the penguin is a female. Okay. So only one column is female. Okay. So only one column is female. Okay. So only one column is needed for this data frame. So I just needed for this data frame. So I just needed for this data frame. So I just kept one and dropped the other one. kept one and dropped the other one. kept one and dropped the other one. Okay. Now apply again one hot encoding Okay. Now apply again one hot encoding Okay. Now apply again one hot encoding to the island feature. So in island if to the island feature. So in island if to the island feature. So in island if we check the unique values we've got we check the unique values we've got we check the unique values we've got three unique values here. Toggressen, three unique values here. Toggressen, three unique values here. Toggressen, bisco and dream island. And the object bisco and dream island. And the object bisco and dream island. And the object is the data type. Right? So again we is the data type. Right? So again we is the data type. Right? So again we will use pandas pd.t get dummies and we will use pandas pd.t get dummies and we will use pandas pd.t get dummies and we will use apply it on the feature island will use apply it on the feature island will use apply it on the feature island and let's get the head of it. So we get and let's get the head of it. So we get and let's get the head of it. So we get here again the unique values were here again the unique values were here again the unique values were converted into columns and we get here converted into columns and we get here converted into columns and we get here respective three columns and then again respective three columns and then again respective three columns and then again we will just drop the first column to we will just drop the first column to we will just drop the first column to get the remaining two columns. So here get the remaining two columns. So here get the remaining two columns. So here also we can infer that if the island is also we can infer that if the island is also we can infer that if the island is Torresen if it is one then it is not Torresen if it is one then it is not Torresen if it is one then it is not dream neither Bisco right so this is how dream neither Bisco right so this is how dream neither Bisco right so this is how we can read it from the data frame and we can read it from the data frame and we can read it from the data frame and understand that now remember this thing understand that now remember this thing understand that now remember this thing that these two island and here sex these that these two island and here sex these that these two island and here sex these are two independent data frames these are two independent data frames these are two independent data frames these are not yet included in the main data are not yet included in the main data are not yet included in the main data frame. So what we will do now is we will frame. So what we will do now is we will frame. So what we will do now is we will concatenate the above two data frames concatenate the above two data frames concatenate the above two data frames into the original data frame. So what we into the original data frame. So what we into the original data frame. So what we do we again create a new data frame that do we again create a new data frame that do we again create a new data frame that is new data and let us just concat with is new data and let us just concat with is new data and let us just concat with the help of pd.con function and we will the help of pd.con function and we will the help of pd.con function and we will concat what df island and sex and x is concat what df island and sex and x is concat what df island and sex and x is one that means in the column okay so one that means in the column okay so one that means in the column okay so when we will run this let's see the head when we will run this let's see the head when we will run this let's see the head of it so everything gets concatenated in of it so everything gets concatenated in of it so everything gets concatenated in a single data frame which is good for a single data frame which is good for a single data frame which is good for the feeding this data into or splitting the feeding this data into or splitting the feeding this data into or splitting the data into test and train data. So the data into test and train data. So the data into test and train data. So now we have this new data frame and now we have this new data frame and now we have this new data frame and we've got some repeated columns here we've got some repeated columns here we've got some repeated columns here which needs to be deleted. So what we do which needs to be deleted. So what we do which needs to be deleted. So what we do is we will delete sex and island here is we will delete sex and island here is we will delete sex and island here which are just repeating because we've which are just repeating because we've which are just repeating because we've got here male and we have also got here got here male and we have also got here got here male and we have also got here dream and toggress. So we do not require dream and toggress. So we do not require dream and toggress. So we do not require this island column neither this sex. So this island column neither this sex. So this island column neither this sex. So we just drop it with the help of new we just drop it with the help of new we just drop it with the help of new data. And the column names x is one in data. And the column names x is one in data. And the column names x is one in place equals to true. Right. And let's place equals to true. Right. And let's place equals to true. Right. And let's see the head of this data frame. Head of see the head of this data frame. Head of see the head of this data frame. Head of the data frame gives me five unique the data frame gives me five unique the data frame gives me five unique values. Right? And now it is time to values. Right? And now it is time to values. Right? And now it is time to create a separate target variable. And create a separate target variable. And create a separate target variable. And what we'll do is we will store in a what we'll do is we will store in a what we'll do is we will store in a variable called y only species. So what variable called y only species. So what variable called y only species. So what we do is from this new data dot species we do is from this new data dot species we do is from this new data dot species we will just store the species in this y we will just store the species in this y we will just store the species in this y and we see this y dot head that is the and we see this y dot head that is the and we see this y dot head that is the first five species and we got the values first five species and we got the values first five species and we got the values here. That means another target variable here. That means another target variable here. That means another target variable is been created now. So and you can also is been created now. So and you can also is been created now. So and you can also see the y do. values as Eddie, chinstrap see the y do. values as Eddie, chinstrap see the y do. values as Eddie, chinstrap and genu. So now we see here three and genu. So now we see here three and genu. So now we see here three unique values of the penguin that is unique values of the penguin that is unique values of the penguin that is chinstrap, edily and genu and the data chinstrap, edily and genu and the data chinstrap, edily and genu and the data type is object here. So again we need to type is object here. So again we need to type is object here. So again we need to convert this object into the numeric convert this object into the numeric convert this object into the numeric data type. So now what we are doing is data type. So now what we are doing is data type. So now what we are doing is we are using the map function in python we are using the map function in python we are using the map function in python and what we do is we map edi to zero, and what we do is we map edi to zero, and what we do is we map edi to zero, chinstrap to one and kendu to two. So chinstrap to one and kendu to two. So chinstrap to one and kendu to two. So this is how we see that all the values this is how we see that all the values this is how we see that all the values have been mapped to numeric. This is have been mapped to numeric. This is have been mapped to numeric. This is another way to convert a categorical another way to convert a categorical another way to convert a categorical value into a numeric value in Python. value into a numeric value in Python. value into a numeric value in Python. Now what we do is let us just drop the Now what we do is let us just drop the Now what we do is let us just drop the target value species from our main data target value species from our main data target value species from our main data frame. So we'll just drop it and let's frame. So we'll just drop it and let's frame. So we'll just drop it and let's see our new data frame. So we see that see our new data frame. So we see that see our new data frame. So we see that we don't have any target species here. we don't have any target species here. we don't have any target species here. Right? Okay. So in X let's store this Right? Okay. So in X let's store this Right? Okay. So in X let's store this new data and perform the splitting of new data and perform the splitting of new data and perform the splitting of the data. So what we do is from the data. So what we do is from the data. So what we do is from skarn.mmodel selection we will import skarn.mmodel selection we will import skarn.mmodel selection we will import our train test split and we will split our train test split and we will split our train test split and we will split our training data into 70% and 30%. So our training data into 70% and 30%. So our training data into 70% and 30%. So test data becomes 30% and training data test data becomes 30% and training data test data becomes 30% and training data is some 70%. And this random state is is some 70%. And this random state is is some 70%. And this random state is zero which means that I'm not fixing any zero which means that I'm not fixing any zero which means that I'm not fixing any random state and this is also used for random state and this is also used for random state and this is also used for the code reproducibility. Now suppose if the code reproducibility. Now suppose if the code reproducibility. Now suppose if I again run this code I will get the I again run this code I will get the I again run this code I will get the same result. It will not change. You can same result. It will not change. You can same result. It will not change. You can set this random state to any of the set this random state to any of the set this random state to any of the random number as per your choice and the random number as per your choice and the random number as per your choice and the result would differ. Okay. So now let us result would differ. Okay. So now let us result would differ. Okay. So now let us print the shape of X train by train X print the shape of X train by train X print the shape of X train by train X test and Y test. So we see here that it test and Y test. So we see here that it test and Y test. So we see here that it has been splitted into 70 and 30% and we has been splitted into 70 and 30% and we has been splitted into 70 and 30% and we get X train has 233 values here and get X train has 233 values here and get X train has 233 values here and seven features and X test has 100 values seven features and X test has 100 values seven features and X test has 100 values and seven features. Similarly Y train and seven features. Similarly Y train and seven features. Similarly Y train you can see 233 values and Y test has you can see 233 values and Y test has you can see 233 values and Y test has 100 values that means the species. Okay. 100 values that means the species. Okay. 100 values that means the species. Okay. So that has been perfectly splitted into So that has been perfectly splitted into So that has been perfectly splitted into 70 and 30%. Now what we do is we will 70 and 30%. Now what we do is we will 70 and 30%. Now what we do is we will train the random forest classifier on train the random forest classifier on train the random forest classifier on the training set. How do we do it? We the training set. How do we do it? We the training set. How do we do it? We will import the random forest classifier will import the random forest classifier will import the random forest classifier from skarn.nol. from skarn.nol. from skarn.nol. So we've already dealt with what is So we've already dealt with what is So we've already dealt with what is ensemble and then in classifier we will ensemble and then in classifier we will ensemble and then in classifier we will store this random forest and this n store this random forest and this n store this random forest and this n estimator is nothing but decision tree. estimator is nothing but decision tree. estimator is nothing but decision tree. So we are creating some five decision So we are creating some five decision So we are creating some five decision trees here and the criteria is entropy trees here and the criteria is entropy trees here and the criteria is entropy and again random state is set to zero. and again random state is set to zero. and again random state is set to zero. So let's see and then we will fit this X So let's see and then we will fit this X So let's see and then we will fit this X train and Y train. So this has been train and Y train. So this has been train and Y train. So this has been fitted and the criteria is entropy here. fitted and the criteria is entropy here. fitted and the criteria is entropy here. All right. So now let's make some All right. So now let's make some All right. So now let's make some predictions and let's create a variable predictions and let's create a variable predictions and let's create a variable called Y predict and we will just called Y predict and we will just called Y predict and we will just predict it on X test and we have also predict it on X test and we have also predict it on X test and we have also printed this Y prediction and now let's printed this Y prediction and now let's printed this Y prediction and now let's print the confusion matrix to check the print the confusion matrix to check the print the confusion matrix to check the accuracy of random forest algorithm. And accuracy of random forest algorithm. And accuracy of random forest algorithm. And what we do is from matrices skarn what we do is from matrices skarn what we do is from matrices skarn metrices we will import classification metrices we will import classification metrices we will import classification report and confusion matrix and also the report and confusion matrix and also the report and confusion matrix and also the accuracy score. So we will just import accuracy score. So we will just import accuracy score. So we will just import them and then in cm variable we will them and then in cm variable we will them and then in cm variable we will print the confusion matrix of y test and print the confusion matrix of y test and print the confusion matrix of y test and y predictions. So we will print it and y predictions. So we will print it and y predictions. So we will print it and we see here the accuracy score also we see here the accuracy score also we see here the accuracy score also which is 98%. So our random forest which is 98%. So our random forest which is 98%. So our random forest classifier is giving us a very good classifier is giving us a very good classifier is giving us a very good accuracy of 98%. And you can see your accuracy of 98%. And you can see your accuracy of 98%. And you can see your confusion matrix that only two cases confusion matrix that only two cases confusion matrix that only two cases have been mclassified. Rest all the have been mclassified. Rest all the have been mclassified. Rest all the cases have been correctly classified by cases have been correctly classified by cases have been correctly classified by random forest classifier. Okay. So now random forest classifier. Okay. So now random forest classifier. Okay. So now let's move on to printing the let's move on to printing the let's move on to printing the classification report of Y test and Y classification report of Y test and Y classification report of Y test and Y prediction. Let's see. And we get the prediction. Let's see. And we get the prediction. Let's see. And we get the precision as 96%. That means the two precision as 96%. That means the two precision as 96%. That means the two predictions by the algorithm is 96%. The predictions by the algorithm is 96%. The predictions by the algorithm is 96%. The recall or the true prediction rate is recall or the true prediction rate is recall or the true prediction rate is 100% which is very nice. And F1 score is 100% which is very nice. And F1 score is 100% which is very nice. And F1 score is also good which is 98%. So this is also good which is 98%. So this is also good which is 98%. So this is giving us a good result. But what if if giving us a good result. But what if if giving us a good result. But what if if we change the criteria from entropy to we change the criteria from entropy to we change the criteria from entropy to genie. So let's just experiment with genie. So let's just experiment with genie. So let's just experiment with that too. So let's try this with the that too. So let's try this with the that too. So let's try this with the different number of trees and change the different number of trees and change the different number of trees and change the criteria to gen coefficient. So now criteria to gen coefficient. So now criteria to gen coefficient. So now again from skarnon.semble we will import again from skarnon.semble we will import again from skarnon.semble we will import random forest classifier and fit it. random forest classifier and fit it. random forest classifier and fit it. Okay. And here what we are doing is just Okay. And here what we are doing is just Okay. And here what we are doing is just we are using seven trees. Previously we we are using seven trees. Previously we we are using seven trees. Previously we used five and now in the criteria we used five and now in the criteria we used five and now in the criteria we will use jinny coefficient and random will use jinny coefficient and random will use jinny coefficient and random state is zero. So let's run this and see state is zero. So let's run this and see state is zero. So let's run this and see whether there's a change in accuracy or whether there's a change in accuracy or whether there's a change in accuracy or not. And let's predict this and let's not. And let's predict this and let's not. And let's predict this and let's check the accuracy score. What is the check the accuracy score. What is the check the accuracy score. What is the accuracy score for this random forest accuracy score for this random forest accuracy score for this random forest classifier with seven trees. So we get classifier with seven trees. So we get classifier with seven trees. So we get 99% accuracy with changing the criteria 99% accuracy with changing the criteria 99% accuracy with changing the criteria and changing the number of trees. So you and changing the number of trees. So you and changing the number of trees. So you can just experiment with different can just experiment with different can just experiment with different number of trees and different number of number of trees and different number of number of trees and different number of decision trees. Let's just experiment decision trees. Let's just experiment decision trees. Let's just experiment with you know 12 decision trees and see with you know 12 decision trees and see with you know 12 decision trees and see what happens. So you can see the what happens. So you can see the what happens. So you can see the accuracy reduced to 98%. Okay, with accuracy reduced to 98%. Okay, with accuracy reduced to 98%. Okay, with seven we were getting 99. So let's just seven we were getting 99. So let's just seven we were getting 99. So let's just keep seven because it is giving us keep seven because it is giving us keep seven because it is giving us really good accuracy. So this is about really good accuracy. So this is about really good accuracy. So this is about random forest classifier and how it random forest classifier and how it random forest classifier and how it works with several trees and different works with several trees and different works with several trees and different criteria to give us very good accuracy criteria to give us very good accuracy criteria to give us very good accuracy on our training and test data. on our training and test data. on our training and test data. [music] Now without any further ado, let's Now without any further ado, let's Now without any further ado, let's understand introduction to machine understand introduction to machine understand introduction to machine learning. Machine learning is the learning. Machine learning is the learning. Machine learning is the process of feeding a machine enough data process of feeding a machine enough data process of feeding a machine enough data to train and predict a possible outcome to train and predict a possible outcome to train and predict a possible outcome using the algorithms at bay. The more using the algorithms at bay. The more using the algorithms at bay. The more the data is fed to the machine, the more the data is fed to the machine, the more the data is fed to the machine, the more efficient the machine will become. So efficient the machine will become. So efficient the machine will become. So let us try to understand this with a let us try to understand this with a let us try to understand this with a real life example. So I'm sure most of real life example. So I'm sure most of real life example. So I'm sure most of you are aware of the predictions made in you are aware of the predictions made in you are aware of the predictions made in any sport before any major match. So in any sport before any major match. So in any sport before any major match. So in this case I'm going to tell you about a this case I'm going to tell you about a this case I'm going to tell you about a football penalty session. So let's say football penalty session. So let's say football penalty session. So let's say the data of previous performances are the data of previous performances are the data of previous performances are considered. So let's say the goalkeeper considered. So let's say the goalkeeper considered. So let's say the goalkeeper has saved all the penalties to his right has saved all the penalties to his right has saved all the penalties to his right in the last 50 penalties that he has in the last 50 penalties that he has in the last 50 penalties that he has saved. So this data will be crucial to saved. So this data will be crucial to saved. So this data will be crucial to predicting if he will or will not save predicting if he will or will not save predicting if he will or will not save the next penalty that he faces. Of the next penalty that he faces. Of the next penalty that he faces. Of course there are other factors to course there are other factors to course there are other factors to consider as well. Another example is the consider as well. Another example is the consider as well. Another example is the suggestions that we get while surfing suggestions that we get while surfing suggestions that we get while surfing the internet. The data of our previous the internet. The data of our previous the internet. The data of our previous choices are processed to give us the choices are processed to give us the choices are processed to give us the most favorable content we are most most favorable content we are most most favorable content we are most likely to watch. Anyhow, machine likely to watch. Anyhow, machine likely to watch. Anyhow, machine learning is not just feeding the machine learning is not just feeding the machine learning is not just feeding the machine an ample amount of data. There goes a an ample amount of data. There goes a an ample amount of data. There goes a lot of processes, algorithms and lot of processes, algorithms and lot of processes, algorithms and decisive factors to get the optimum decisive factors to get the optimum decisive factors to get the optimum results. So in this session, we will go results. So in this session, we will go results. So in this session, we will go through one such support vector machine through one such support vector machine through one such support vector machine algorithm to understand how it works algorithm to understand how it works algorithm to understand how it works with Python. Before that, let us also with Python. Before that, let us also with Python. Before that, let us also take a look at the types of machine take a look at the types of machine take a look at the types of machine learning. So there are three types of learning. So there are three types of learning. So there are three types of machine learning that is supervised machine learning that is supervised machine learning that is supervised learning, unsupervised learning and learning, unsupervised learning and learning, unsupervised learning and reinforcement learning. Supervised reinforcement learning. Supervised reinforcement learning. Supervised learning is contained in a controlled learning is contained in a controlled learning is contained in a controlled way to oversee the outcome accordingly. way to oversee the outcome accordingly. way to oversee the outcome accordingly. It is as the name suggests supervised in It is as the name suggests supervised in It is as the name suggests supervised in a way that the machine learns what the a way that the machine learns what the a way that the machine learns what the user wants it to learn. Coming to user wants it to learn. Coming to user wants it to learn. Coming to unsupervised learning, the machine unsupervised learning, the machine unsupervised learning, the machine simply explores the data given to it. simply explores the data given to it. simply explores the data given to it. The data is sometimes unlabeled and The data is sometimes unlabeled and The data is sometimes unlabeled and uncatategorized and the machine makes uncatategorized and the machine makes uncatategorized and the machine makes the possible references and predictions the possible references and predictions the possible references and predictions without any supervision. And talking without any supervision. And talking without any supervision. And talking about reinforcement learning, it about reinforcement learning, it about reinforcement learning, it basically means to enforce a pattern of basically means to enforce a pattern of basically means to enforce a pattern of behavior. The machine needs to establish behavior. The machine needs to establish behavior. The machine needs to establish a systematic pattern of approach and a systematic pattern of approach and a systematic pattern of approach and reinforcement learning. So these are the reinforcement learning. So these are the reinforcement learning. So these are the types of machine learning that we have. types of machine learning that we have. types of machine learning that we have. Let's move on to the next topic that is Let's move on to the next topic that is Let's move on to the next topic that is what is the support vector machine. So what is the support vector machine. So what is the support vector machine. So what exactly is the support vector what exactly is the support vector what exactly is the support vector machine? A support vector machine or we machine? A support vector machine or we machine? A support vector machine or we can call it as SVM was first introduced can call it as SVM was first introduced can call it as SVM was first introduced in the 1960s and later improvised in the in the 1960s and later improvised in the in the 1960s and later improvised in the 1990s. An SVM is a supervised learning 1990s. An SVM is a supervised learning 1990s. An SVM is a supervised learning machine learning classification machine learning classification machine learning classification algorithm that has become extremely algorithm that has become extremely algorithm that has become extremely popular nowadays owing to its extremely popular nowadays owing to its extremely popular nowadays owing to its extremely efficient results. So an SVM is efficient results. So an SVM is efficient results. So an SVM is implemented in a slightly different way implemented in a slightly different way implemented in a slightly different way than other machine learning algorithms. than other machine learning algorithms. than other machine learning algorithms. It is capable of performing It is capable of performing It is capable of performing classification, regression and outlier classification, regression and outlier classification, regression and outlier detection as well. A support vector detection as well. A support vector detection as well. A support vector machine is a discriminative classifier machine is a discriminative classifier machine is a discriminative classifier that is formally designed by a that is formally designed by a that is formally designed by a separative hyper plane. It is a separative hyper plane. It is a separative hyper plane. It is a representation of examples as points in representation of examples as points in representation of examples as points in space that are mapped so that the points space that are mapped so that the points space that are mapped so that the points of different categories are separated by of different categories are separated by of different categories are separated by a gap as wide as possible. In addition a gap as wide as possible. In addition a gap as wide as possible. In addition to this, an SVM can also perform to this, an SVM can also perform to this, an SVM can also perform nonlinear classification. So I'm going nonlinear classification. So I'm going nonlinear classification. So I'm going to tell you a few advantages and to tell you a few advantages and to tell you a few advantages and disadvantages of SVM or support vector disadvantages of SVM or support vector disadvantages of SVM or support vector machine. So talking about the advantages machine. So talking about the advantages machine. So talking about the advantages of SVM, it is effective in of SVM, it is effective in of SVM, it is effective in highdimensional spaces and it is still highdimensional spaces and it is still highdimensional spaces and it is still effective in cases where the number of effective in cases where the number of effective in cases where the number of dimensions is greater than the number of dimensions is greater than the number of dimensions is greater than the number of samples. One more advantage is it uses a samples. One more advantage is it uses a samples. One more advantage is it uses a subset of training points in the subset of training points in the subset of training points in the decision function that makes it memory decision function that makes it memory decision function that makes it memory efficient and the last advantage is efficient and the last advantage is efficient and the last advantage is different kernel functions can be different kernel functions can be different kernel functions can be specified for the decision function specified for the decision function specified for the decision function which also makes it versatile. Coming on which also makes it versatile. Coming on which also makes it versatile. Coming on to the disadvantages if the number of to the disadvantages if the number of to the disadvantages if the number of the features is much larger than the the features is much larger than the the features is much larger than the number of samples we have to avoid number of samples we have to avoid number of samples we have to avoid overfitting in choosing the kernel overfitting in choosing the kernel overfitting in choosing the kernel functions and regularization term is functions and regularization term is functions and regularization term is actually crucial. The next disadvantage actually crucial. The next disadvantage actually crucial. The next disadvantage is SVMs do not directly provide is SVMs do not directly provide is SVMs do not directly provide probability estimates. These are probability estimates. These are probability estimates. These are calculated using five-fold cross calculated using five-fold cross calculated using five-fold cross validation. So these are the advantages validation. So these are the advantages validation. So these are the advantages and disadvantages of SVM. Now let's take and disadvantages of SVM. Now let's take and disadvantages of SVM. Now let's take a look at the next topic which is how a look at the next topic which is how a look at the next topic which is how does an SVM work. So the main objective does an SVM work. So the main objective does an SVM work. So the main objective of a support vector machine is to of a support vector machine is to of a support vector machine is to segregate the given data in the best segregate the given data in the best segregate the given data in the best possible way. So when the segregation is possible way. So when the segregation is possible way. So when the segregation is done, the distance between the nearest done, the distance between the nearest done, the distance between the nearest points is known as the margin. The points is known as the margin. The points is known as the margin. The approach is to select a hyper plane with approach is to select a hyper plane with approach is to select a hyper plane with the maximum possible margin between the the maximum possible margin between the the maximum possible margin between the support vectors in the given data set. support vectors in the given data set. support vectors in the given data set. Now to select the maximum hyper plane in Now to select the maximum hyper plane in Now to select the maximum hyper plane in the given sets, the support vector the given sets, the support vector the given sets, the support vector machine follows the following. It machine follows the following. It machine follows the following. It generates a hyper plane which segregates generates a hyper plane which segregates generates a hyper plane which segregates the classes in the best possible way and the classes in the best possible way and the classes in the best possible way and then it selects the right hyper plane then it selects the right hyper plane then it selects the right hyper plane with the maximum segregation from either with the maximum segregation from either with the maximum segregation from either nearest data points. Now let me tell you nearest data points. Now let me tell you nearest data points. Now let me tell you how we can deal with inseparable and how we can deal with inseparable and how we can deal with inseparable and nonlinear planes as well. So in some nonlinear planes as well. So in some nonlinear planes as well. So in some cases hyperplanes cannot be very cases hyperplanes cannot be very cases hyperplanes cannot be very efficient and in those cases the support efficient and in those cases the support efficient and in those cases the support vector machine uses a kernel trick to vector machine uses a kernel trick to vector machine uses a kernel trick to transform the input into a higher transform the input into a higher transform the input into a higher dimensional space. So with this it dimensional space. So with this it dimensional space. So with this it becomes easier to segregate the points. becomes easier to segregate the points. becomes easier to segregate the points. Now let us talk about the SVM kernels. Now let us talk about the SVM kernels. Now let us talk about the SVM kernels. So an SVM kernel is basically used to So an SVM kernel is basically used to So an SVM kernel is basically used to add more dimensions to a lower add more dimensions to a lower add more dimensions to a lower dimensional space to make it easier to dimensional space to make it easier to dimensional space to make it easier to segregate the data. It converts the segregate the data. It converts the segregate the data. It converts the inseparable problem to a separable inseparable problem to a separable inseparable problem to a separable problem by adding more dimensions using problem by adding more dimensions using problem by adding more dimensions using the kernel trick. A support vector the kernel trick. A support vector the kernel trick. A support vector machine or SVM is always implemented in machine or SVM is always implemented in machine or SVM is always implemented in practice by a kernel. The kernel trick practice by a kernel. The kernel trick practice by a kernel. The kernel trick helps to make a more accurate helps to make a more accurate helps to make a more accurate classifier. Let me talk about the classifier. Let me talk about the classifier. Let me talk about the different type of kernels that we have different type of kernels that we have different type of kernels that we have in support vector machine. First of all, in support vector machine. First of all, in support vector machine. First of all, we have linear kernel. A linear kernel we have linear kernel. A linear kernel we have linear kernel. A linear kernel can be used as a normal dotproduct can be used as a normal dotproduct can be used as a normal dotproduct between any two given observations. So between any two given observations. So between any two given observations. So the product between the two vectors is the product between the two vectors is the product between the two vectors is the sum of the multiplication of each the sum of the multiplication of each the sum of the multiplication of each pair of input values. And then we have pair of input values. And then we have pair of input values. And then we have the polomial kernel. So it is rather the polomial kernel. So it is rather the polomial kernel. So it is rather generalized form of the linear kernel. generalized form of the linear kernel. generalized form of the linear kernel. It can distinguish curved and nonlinear It can distinguish curved and nonlinear It can distinguish curved and nonlinear input space as well. Now talking about input space as well. Now talking about input space as well. Now talking about the next kernel that we have that is the next kernel that we have that is the next kernel that we have that is radial basis function kernel. So the radial basis function kernel. So the radial basis function kernel. So the radial basis function or RBF kernel is radial basis function or RBF kernel is radial basis function or RBF kernel is commonly used in SVM classification. It commonly used in SVM classification. It commonly used in SVM classification. It can map the space in infinite can map the space in infinite can map the space in infinite dimensions. That is the advantage that dimensions. That is the advantage that dimensions. That is the advantage that we have with RBF kernel. So these are we have with RBF kernel. So these are we have with RBF kernel. So these are the kernels that we have in SVM guys. the kernels that we have in SVM guys. the kernels that we have in SVM guys. Now I'm going to talk about a few Now I'm going to talk about a few Now I'm going to talk about a few support vector machine use cases. So support vector machine use cases. So support vector machine use cases. So these are a few use cases I have listed these are a few use cases I have listed these are a few use cases I have listed down here. We can use SVM for which is down here. We can use SVM for which is down here. We can use SVM for which is face detection. We can use SVM for face face detection. We can use SVM for face face detection. We can use SVM for face detection. Then we can use it for text detection. Then we can use it for text detection. Then we can use it for text and hypertext categorization. Then we and hypertext categorization. Then we and hypertext categorization. Then we can use it for classification of images. can use it for classification of images. can use it for classification of images. We can use it for bioinformatics, We can use it for bioinformatics, We can use it for bioinformatics, protein fold and remote homology protein fold and remote homology protein fold and remote homology detection. We can use it for handwriting detection. We can use it for handwriting detection. We can use it for handwriting recognition and we can use it for recognition and we can use it for recognition and we can use it for generalized predictive control as well. generalized predictive control as well. generalized predictive control as well. So these are the use cases that we can So these are the use cases that we can So these are the use cases that we can use SVM for. Now that we're done with use SVM for. Now that we're done with use SVM for. Now that we're done with the SVM use cases, let me tell you how the SVM use cases, let me tell you how the SVM use cases, let me tell you how we can implement SVM. So there are a few we can implement SVM. So there are a few we can implement SVM. So there are a few steps that we have to follow to steps that we have to follow to steps that we have to follow to implement support vector machine in implement support vector machine in implement support vector machine in machine learning. In any machine machine learning. In any machine machine learning. In any machine learning model, we have to follow learning model, we have to follow learning model, we have to follow specific steps. So first of all, we have specific steps. So first of all, we have specific steps. So first of all, we have to load the data in which we are going to load the data in which we are going to load the data in which we are going to perform the classification of data. to perform the classification of data. to perform the classification of data. After that, we are going to explore the After that, we are going to explore the After that, we are going to explore the data. We're going to see how many labels data. We're going to see how many labels data. We're going to see how many labels what are the target variables there and what are the target variables there and what are the target variables there and then we're going to split the data into then we're going to split the data into then we're going to split the data into train and test data and then we'll train and test data and then we'll train and test data and then we'll generate the model by implementing the generate the model by implementing the generate the model by implementing the support vector machine and after that we support vector machine and after that we support vector machine and after that we are going to evaluate the model as well. are going to evaluate the model as well. are going to evaluate the model as well. So I'm going to show you this when we So I'm going to show you this when we So I'm going to show you this when we are going to work on the PyCharm after are going to work on the PyCharm after are going to work on the PyCharm after this I'm going to show you a simple use this I'm going to show you a simple use this I'm going to show you a simple use case which is a character recognition case which is a character recognition case which is a character recognition using support vector machine. So in this using support vector machine. So in this using support vector machine. So in this we're going to get a image recognition we're going to get a image recognition we're going to get a image recognition something like this. So let's take it up something like this. So let's take it up something like this. So let's take it up to PyCharm guys and I'll show you how to PyCharm guys and I'll show you how to PyCharm guys and I'll show you how you can implement support vector machine you can implement support vector machine you can implement support vector machine in Python. So we are in PyCharm guys. in Python. So we are in PyCharm guys. in Python. So we are in PyCharm guys. Let me go to the presentation mode for Let me go to the presentation mode for Let me go to the presentation mode for better visibility. better visibility. better visibility. So first of all you have to make sure So first of all you have to make sure So first of all you have to make sure you have all these libraries installed you have all these libraries installed you have all these libraries installed in your system that is scikitlearn skarn in your system that is scikitlearn skarn in your system that is scikitlearn skarn and then you have to import all these and then you have to import all these and then you have to import all these modules like SVM metrics train test modules like SVM metrics train test modules like SVM metrics train test split from model selection and data sets split from model selection and data sets split from model selection and data sets to load the data. So first of all we to load the data. So first of all we to load the data. So first of all we have that cancer data over here in which have that cancer data over here in which have that cancer data over here in which we are going to load the data set which we are going to load the data set which we are going to load the data set which is the breast cancer data set. So this is the breast cancer data set. So this is the breast cancer data set. So this is a simple example or this is the way is a simple example or this is the way is a simple example or this is the way we can load the data. I'll just write a we can load the data. I'll just write a we can load the data. I'll just write a comment over here. comment over here. comment over here. Loading the data. This is where we are going to load the This is where we are going to load the This is where we are going to load the data. After this we can check for what data. After this we can check for what data. After this we can check for what all are there inside the data like how all are there inside the data like how all are there inside the data like how many images or what all is there. So I'm many images or what all is there. So I'm many images or what all is there. So I'm just going to remove all this for now. just going to remove all this for now. just going to remove all this for now. and let's see what we have in the data. and let's see what we have in the data. and let's see what we have in the data. So I'm just going to print cancer data. So I'm just going to print cancer data. So I'm just going to print cancer data. Let's see what we have. It's going to take a while because it's It's going to take a while because it's It's going to take a while because it's loading the data set from the internet. loading the data set from the internet. loading the data set from the internet. You can see these all points are there You can see these all points are there You can see these all points are there inside the data set. So we have data. inside the data set. So we have data. inside the data set. So we have data. Then we have target also over here Then we have target also over here Then we have target also over here which is an np array. This is the data which is an np array. This is the data which is an np array. This is the data that we have over here. Now I'll just that we have over here. Now I'll just that we have over here. Now I'll just check the shape of the data as well. Let's see the target variable also. So this is our target variable guys So this is our target variable guys So this is our target variable guys which is in a binomial form which is 0 which is in a binomial form which is 0 which is in a binomial form which is 0 and one. So we have only two and one. So we have only two and one. So we have only two possibilities over here. Now that we are possibilities over here. Now that we are possibilities over here. Now that we are done exploring the data also let me show done exploring the data also let me show done exploring the data also let me show you how you can start splitting the data you how you can start splitting the data you how you can start splitting the data into test and train sets. So I'll just into test and train sets. So I'll just into test and train sets. So I'll just remove this again and print the previous remove this again and print the previous remove this again and print the previous code. So this is my training and testing code. So this is my training and testing code. So this is my training and testing variables that is X train X test. Then variables that is X train X test. Then variables that is X train X test. Then we have Y train Y test and inside this I we have Y train Y test and inside this I we have Y train Y test and inside this I have used train test split to train my have used train test split to train my have used train test split to train my data over here. And as you can see I'm data over here. And as you can see I'm data over here. And as you can see I'm using the data as cancer data. Then we using the data as cancer data. Then we using the data as cancer data. Then we have the target variable. We are using have the target variable. We are using have the target variable. We are using the test size at 0.4. We can use it at the test size at 0.4. We can use it at the test size at 0.4. We can use it at 0.3 as well. We'll be using like 30% for 0.3 as well. We'll be using like 30% for 0.3 as well. We'll be using like 30% for the testing and the one for training. the testing and the one for training. the testing and the one for training. And we have random state as 209. After And we have random state as 209. After And we have random state as 209. After this I am going to generate the model this I am going to generate the model this I am going to generate the model that is my classifier using the SVM over that is my classifier using the SVM over that is my classifier using the SVM over here and I'm going to use the SVC with here and I'm going to use the SVC with here and I'm going to use the SVC with the kernel linear. We are using the the kernel linear. We are using the the kernel linear. We are using the linear kernel over here. So I'll just linear kernel over here. So I'll just linear kernel over here. So I'll just write generating the model. write generating the model. write generating the model. After this we going to train the model. After this we going to train the model. After this we going to train the model. For training the model we are going to For training the model we are going to For training the model we are going to use the fit method over here. Inside use the fit method over here. Inside use the fit method over here. Inside this we passing the X train method and Y this we passing the X train method and Y this we passing the X train method and Y train method to train the data. So train method to train the data. So train method to train the data. So basically fit method is used to train basically fit method is used to train basically fit method is used to train the data. After this we are going to the data. After this we are going to the data. After this we are going to predict the response using the predict predict the response using the predict predict the response using the predict method over here. Inside this we are method over here. Inside this we are method over here. Inside this we are going to pass the variable that is X going to pass the variable that is X going to pass the variable that is X test. So we have taken the X test test. So we have taken the X test test. So we have taken the X test separately for this purpose only to separately for this purpose only to separately for this purpose only to predict the outcome over here. So now predict the outcome over here. So now predict the outcome over here. So now that we are done with the training and that we are done with the training and that we are done with the training and testing over here we are going to print testing over here we are going to print testing over here we are going to print the accuracy. I'll just write one more C the accuracy. I'll just write one more C the accuracy. I'll just write one more C over here to make it correct. For this over here to make it correct. For this over here to make it correct. For this we are using the metrics from the skarn we are using the metrics from the skarn we are using the metrics from the skarn module which is going to give us the module which is going to give us the module which is going to give us the accuracy score. In this we have y test accuracy score. In this we have y test accuracy score. In this we have y test and y prediction. So it's going to give and y prediction. So it's going to give and y prediction. So it's going to give us the accuracy report. After this we us the accuracy report. After this we us the accuracy report. After this we are going to get precision score using are going to get precision score using are going to get precision score using the precision score method in metrics. the precision score method in metrics. the precision score method in metrics. And then we have recall as well. And to And then we have recall as well. And to And then we have recall as well. And to make it easier I'm also using a make it easier I'm also using a make it easier I'm also using a classification report. So let's just run classification report. So let's just run classification report. So let's just run this program guys and we'll see what this program guys and we'll see what this program guys and we'll see what happens. we'll get the total report how happens. we'll get the total report how happens. we'll get the total report how efficient our model is actually. So as efficient our model is actually. So as efficient our model is actually. So as you can see we have the accuracy as 0.92 you can see we have the accuracy as 0.92 you can see we have the accuracy as 0.92 which is close to 92%. And then we have which is close to 92%. And then we have which is close to 92%. And then we have precision of 93% and recall as 94%. And precision of 93% and recall as 94%. And precision of 93% and recall as 94%. And after that we have a classification after that we have a classification after that we have a classification report. Inside this we have also given report. Inside this we have also given report. Inside this we have also given the accuracy the FN score and the recall the accuracy the FN score and the recall the accuracy the FN score and the recall as well. So this is a simple example to as well. So this is a simple example to as well. So this is a simple example to implement your support vector machine implement your support vector machine implement your support vector machine guys. Now moving on let me show you one guys. Now moving on let me show you one guys. Now moving on let me show you one more example. Before that let me just more example. Before that let me just more example. Before that let me just exit the presentation mode. Now I'm exit the presentation mode. Now I'm exit the presentation mode. Now I'm going to show you a use case for going to show you a use case for going to show you a use case for character recognition using support character recognition using support character recognition using support vector machine. So for this also we are vector machine. So for this also we are vector machine. So for this also we are using one more library that is mattplot using one more library that is mattplot using one more library that is mattplot lip to plot the graph or to plot the lip to plot the graph or to plot the lip to plot the graph or to plot the image as well. So we have data sets image as well. So we have data sets image as well. So we have data sets which we are going to import from skarn which we are going to import from skarn which we are going to import from skarn only. We have SVM and metrics which we only. We have SVM and metrics which we only. We have SVM and metrics which we are not going to use in this one for are not going to use in this one for are not going to use in this one for accuracy which I'll tell you later guys. accuracy which I'll tell you later guys. accuracy which I'll tell you later guys. So first of all we are loading the data So first of all we are loading the data So first of all we are loading the data sets over here. This is the load digits. sets over here. This is the load digits. sets over here. This is the load digits. So we have a data set with a bunch of So we have a data set with a bunch of So we have a data set with a bunch of digits the handwritten digits and now we digits the handwritten digits and now we digits the handwritten digits and now we are generating the model directly. After are generating the model directly. After are generating the model directly. After this we have x and y variables which is this we have x and y variables which is this we have x and y variables which is you know going to take the test data and you know going to take the test data and you know going to take the test data and the target data as well. So we are the target data as well. So we are the target data as well. So we are taking all the data until minus 10 over taking all the data until minus 10 over taking all the data until minus 10 over here for training and for target here for training and for target here for training and for target variable we're also taking the same variable we're also taking the same variable we're also taking the same number and after this we going to fit number and after this we going to fit number and after this we going to fit the model to train it and we are the model to train it and we are the model to train it and we are predicting the models with the digit predicting the models with the digit predicting the models with the digit data that is over here. After this I'm data that is over here. After this I'm data that is over here. After this I'm just going to show a image or instead of just going to show a image or instead of just going to show a image or instead of nine we can use any other number we have nine we can use any other number we have nine we can use any other number we have taken interpolation that is nearest and taken interpolation that is nearest and taken interpolation that is nearest and I'm using the I am show method from the I'm using the I am show method from the I'm using the I am show method from the mattplot lib and if you are not familiar mattplot lib and if you are not familiar mattplot lib and if you are not familiar with mattplot liib or how you can plot with mattplot liib or how you can plot with mattplot liib or how you can plot graphs you can check out other tutorials graphs you can check out other tutorials graphs you can check out other tutorials on ID on mattplot lil to get better on ID on mattplot lil to get better on ID on mattplot lil to get better insight about this so let's just run insight about this so let's just run insight about this so let's just run this program guys let me exit the presentation mode let me exit the presentation mode let me exit the presentation mode and we are getting a figure something and we are getting a figure something and we are getting a figure something like this so it looks take 9 but it's like this so it looks take 9 but it's like this so it looks take 9 but it's quite distorted right now because we quite distorted right now because we quite distorted right now because we have taken the gamma as 0.01 01 and the have taken the gamma as 0.01 01 and the have taken the gamma as 0.01 01 and the C value is 100. So if I increase or C value is 100. So if I increase or C value is 100. So if I increase or decrease this value, the output is going decrease this value, the output is going decrease this value, the output is going to change. The accuracy is going to be to change. The accuracy is going to be to change. The accuracy is going to be much larger but the speed is going to much larger but the speed is going to much larger but the speed is going to become a little slower. So this is the become a little slower. So this is the become a little slower. So this is the reason and instead of 9, I can just reason and instead of 9, I can just reason and instead of 9, I can just write let's say six over here. So the prediction is actually right but So the prediction is actually right but So the prediction is actually right but the image is a little distorted because the image is a little distorted because the image is a little distorted because the accuracy is not quite accurate. the the accuracy is not quite accurate. the the accuracy is not quite accurate. the way how we want it. But this is a very way how we want it. But this is a very way how we want it. But this is a very simple example to make a character simple example to make a character simple example to make a character recognition model using support vector recognition model using support vector recognition model using support vector machine. Also to increase the accuracy machine. Also to increase the accuracy machine. Also to increase the accuracy we can change the gamma values or C we can change the gamma values or C we can change the gamma values or C values in the SVC parameter but it will values in the SVC parameter but it will values in the SVC parameter but it will hinder the speed too. So if we increase hinder the speed too. So if we increase hinder the speed too. So if we increase the gamma values the accuracy will the gamma values the accuracy will the gamma values the accuracy will decrease but the speed will increase and decrease but the speed will increase and decrease but the speed will increase and vice versa. [music] From speech recognition and face From speech recognition and face From speech recognition and face recognition to healthcare and marketing, recognition to healthcare and marketing, recognition to healthcare and marketing, neural networks have been used in a neural networks have been used in a neural networks have been used in a varied set of domains. Hi all, I'm Zelka varied set of domains. Hi all, I'm Zelka varied set of domains. Hi all, I'm Zelka from Edureka and I welcome you to this from Edureka and I welcome you to this from Edureka and I welcome you to this session on what is a neural network. An session on what is a neural network. An session on what is a neural network. An artificial neural network is the artificial neural network is the artificial neural network is the functional unit of deep learning. Deep functional unit of deep learning. Deep functional unit of deep learning. Deep learning uses artificial neural networks learning uses artificial neural networks learning uses artificial neural networks which mimic the behavior of the human which mimic the behavior of the human which mimic the behavior of the human brain to solve complex datadriven brain to solve complex datadriven brain to solve complex datadriven problems. Now deep learning in itself is problems. Now deep learning in itself is problems. Now deep learning in itself is a part of machine learning which falls a part of machine learning which falls a part of machine learning which falls under the larger umbrella of artificial under the larger umbrella of artificial under the larger umbrella of artificial intelligence. Artificial intelligence, intelligence. Artificial intelligence, intelligence. Artificial intelligence, machine learning and deep learning are machine learning and deep learning are machine learning and deep learning are interconnected fields where machine interconnected fields where machine interconnected fields where machine learning and deep learning aids learning and deep learning aids learning and deep learning aids artificial intelligence by providing a artificial intelligence by providing a artificial intelligence by providing a set of algorithms and neural networks to set of algorithms and neural networks to set of algorithms and neural networks to solve datadriven problems. Deep learning solve datadriven problems. Deep learning solve datadriven problems. Deep learning makes use of artificial neural networks makes use of artificial neural networks makes use of artificial neural networks that behave similar to the neural that behave similar to the neural that behave similar to the neural networks in our brain. A neural network networks in our brain. A neural network networks in our brain. A neural network functions when some input data is fed to functions when some input data is fed to functions when some input data is fed to it. Now this data is then processed via it. Now this data is then processed via it. Now this data is then processed via layers of perceptrons to produce a layers of perceptrons to produce a layers of perceptrons to produce a desired output. So let's understand desired output. So let's understand desired output. So let's understand neural networks with a small example. neural networks with a small example. neural networks with a small example. Now consider a scenario where you have Now consider a scenario where you have Now consider a scenario where you have been given a set of labeled images and been given a set of labeled images and been given a set of labeled images and you have to classify them into two you have to classify them into two you have to classify them into two classes. one class containing images of classes. one class containing images of classes. one class containing images of non-deseased leaves and the other class non-deseased leaves and the other class non-deseased leaves and the other class containing images of diseased leaves. So containing images of diseased leaves. So containing images of diseased leaves. So how would you create a neural network how would you create a neural network how would you create a neural network that classifies the leaves into diseased that classifies the leaves into diseased that classifies the leaves into diseased and non-deseased crops? Now the process and non-deseased crops? Now the process and non-deseased crops? Now the process always begins with processing and always begins with processing and always begins with processing and transforming the input in such a way transforming the input in such a way transforming the input in such a way that it can be easily processed. In our that it can be easily processed. In our that it can be easily processed. In our case, each leaf image will be broken case, each leaf image will be broken case, each leaf image will be broken down into pixels depending on the down into pixels depending on the down into pixels depending on the dimension of the image. For example, if dimension of the image. For example, if dimension of the image. For example, if the image is composed of 30x30 pixels, the image is composed of 30x30 pixels, the image is composed of 30x30 pixels, then the total number of pixels will be then the total number of pixels will be then the total number of pixels will be 900. Now, these pixels are represented 900. Now, these pixels are represented 900. Now, these pixels are represented as matrices which are then fed into the as matrices which are then fed into the as matrices which are then fed into the input layer of the neural network. Just input layer of the neural network. Just input layer of the neural network. Just like how our brains have neurons that like how our brains have neurons that like how our brains have neurons that help in building and connecting help in building and connecting help in building and connecting thoughts, an artificial neural network thoughts, an artificial neural network thoughts, an artificial neural network has perceptrons that accept inputs and has perceptrons that accept inputs and has perceptrons that accept inputs and process them by passing them on from the process them by passing them on from the process them by passing them on from the input layer to the hidden and finally input layer to the hidden and finally input layer to the hidden and finally the output layer. Now, as the input is the output layer. Now, as the input is the output layer. Now, as the input is passed from the input layer to the passed from the input layer to the passed from the input layer to the hidden layer, an initial random weight hidden layer, an initial random weight hidden layer, an initial random weight is assigned to each input. The inputs is assigned to each input. The inputs is assigned to each input. The inputs are then multiplied with their are then multiplied with their are then multiplied with their corresponding weights and their sum is corresponding weights and their sum is corresponding weights and their sum is further processed through the network. further processed through the network. further processed through the network. Now here what you do is you assign a Now here what you do is you assign a Now here what you do is you assign a numerical value called bias to each numerical value called bias to each numerical value called bias to each perceptron. Furthermore, each perceptron perceptron. Furthermore, each perceptron perceptron. Furthermore, each perceptron is passed through activation or is passed through activation or is passed through activation or something known as the transformation something known as the transformation something known as the transformation function that determines whether a function that determines whether a function that determines whether a particular perceptron gets activated or particular perceptron gets activated or particular perceptron gets activated or not. An activated perceptron is used to not. An activated perceptron is used to not. An activated perceptron is used to transmit data to the next layer. In this transmit data to the next layer. In this transmit data to the next layer. In this manner, the data is propagated forward manner, the data is propagated forward manner, the data is propagated forward through the neural network until the through the neural network until the through the neural network until the perceptrons reach the output layer. At perceptrons reach the output layer. At perceptrons reach the output layer. At the output layer, a probability is the output layer, a probability is the output layer, a probability is derived which decides whether the data derived which decides whether the data derived which decides whether the data belongs to class A or class B. Now let's belongs to class A or class B. Now let's belongs to class A or class B. Now let's assume a case where the predicted output assume a case where the predicted output assume a case where the predicted output is wrong. In such a situation, we train is wrong. In such a situation, we train is wrong. In such a situation, we train the neural network by using the back the neural network by using the back the neural network by using the back propagation method. Initially while propagation method. Initially while propagation method. Initially while designing the neural network we designing the neural network we designing the neural network we initialize weights to each input with initialize weights to each input with initialize weights to each input with some random values. Now these weights some random values. Now these weights some random values. Now these weights denote the importance of each input denote the importance of each input denote the importance of each input variable. Therefore if we propagate variable. Therefore if we propagate variable. Therefore if we propagate backward in a neural network and compare backward in a neural network and compare backward in a neural network and compare the actual output to the predicted the actual output to the predicted the actual output to the predicted output we can readjust the weights of output we can readjust the weights of output we can readjust the weights of each input in such a way that the error each input in such a way that the error each input in such a way that the error is minimized. This results in a more is minimized. This results in a more is minimized. This results in a more accurate output and this is exactly what accurate output and this is exactly what accurate output and this is exactly what back propagation means. Now let's back propagation means. Now let's back propagation means. Now let's discuss a few real world applications of discuss a few real world applications of discuss a few real world applications of neural networks. With the help of deep neural networks. With the help of deep neural networks. With the help of deep learning techniques, Google can learning techniques, Google can learning techniques, Google can instantly translate between more than instantly translate between more than instantly translate between more than 100 different human languages. Visual 100 different human languages. Visual 100 different human languages. Visual translation is an interesting translation is an interesting translation is an interesting application of deep learning. It can be application of deep learning. It can be application of deep learning. It can be used to identify images that have used to identify images that have used to identify images that have letters. Now once you identify them they letters. Now once you identify them they letters. Now once you identify them they can be turned into text translated and can be turned into text translated and can be turned into text translated and then the images are recreated with a then the images are recreated with a then the images are recreated with a translated text. In fact Google has an translated text. In fact Google has an translated text. In fact Google has an app for this purpose. It's called the app for this purpose. It's called the app for this purpose. It's called the Google translate app. Let's not forget Google translate app. Let's not forget Google translate app. Let's not forget to mention automated self-driven cars. to mention automated self-driven cars. to mention automated self-driven cars. Deep learning has played a huge role in Deep learning has played a huge role in Deep learning has played a huge role in the field of self-driving cars. From the field of self-driving cars. From the field of self-driving cars. From Tesla to Google owned way more Tesla to Google owned way more Tesla to Google owned way more self-driving cars are being perfected self-driving cars are being perfected self-driving cars are being perfected with the help of neural networks. Then with the help of neural networks. Then with the help of neural networks. Then of course we have the virtual assistants of course we have the virtual assistants of course we have the virtual assistants like Siri, Alexa, Cortana that can like Siri, Alexa, Cortana that can like Siri, Alexa, Cortana that can literally read your mind. These literally read your mind. These literally read your mind. These assistants are purely based on assistants are purely based on assistants are purely based on technologies including deep learning, technologies including deep learning, technologies including deep learning, machine learning and natural language machine learning and natural language machine learning and natural language processing. Apart from this, deep processing. Apart from this, deep processing. Apart from this, deep learning has also made its way into the learning has also made its way into the learning has also made its way into the gaming industry. So, all you Dota fans gaming industry. So, all you Dota fans gaming industry. So, all you Dota fans out there might have already heard of out there might have already heard of out there might have already heard of the famous Open AI 5, which is the first the famous Open AI 5, which is the first the famous Open AI 5, which is the first AI to beat the world champions in an AI to beat the world champions in an AI to beat the world champions in an esports game after defeating the esports game after defeating the esports game after defeating the reigning Dota 2 world champions. Post reigning Dota 2 world champions. Post reigning Dota 2 world champions. Post the victory, Bill Gates tweeted, quote, the victory, Bill Gates tweeted, quote, the victory, Bill Gates tweeted, quote, "AI BS just beat humans at the video "AI BS just beat humans at the video "AI BS just beat humans at the video game Dota 2. That's a big deal because game Dota 2. That's a big deal because game Dota 2. That's a big deal because their victory required teamwork and their victory required teamwork and their victory required teamwork and collaboration, a huge milestone in collaboration, a huge milestone in collaboration, a huge milestone in advancing artificial intelligence. Now advancing artificial intelligence. Now advancing artificial intelligence. Now guys, the applications of deep learning guys, the applications of deep learning guys, the applications of deep learning are not restricted to just games and are not restricted to just games and are not restricted to just games and machine translation. In fact, deep machine translation. In fact, deep machine translation. In fact, deep learning has found its way into the learning has found its way into the learning has found its way into the creative arts and music field. An AI creative arts and music field. An AI creative arts and music field. An AI based system called Museet can now based system called Museet can now based system called Museet can now compose classical music that echoes the compose classical music that echoes the compose classical music that echoes the classical legends like Batch and Mosart. classical legends like Batch and Mosart. classical legends like Batch and Mosart. Museet is a deep neural network that is Museet is a deep neural network that is Museet is a deep neural network that is capable of generating 4minut musical capable of generating 4minut musical capable of generating 4minut musical compositions with 10 different compositions with 10 different compositions with 10 different instruments and can combine styles from instruments and can combine styles from instruments and can combine styles from country to Mosart and to the Beatles. country to Mosart and to the Beatles. country to Mosart and to the Beatles. Another creative product of artificial Another creative product of artificial Another creative product of artificial intelligence is a content automation intelligence is a content automation intelligence is a content automation tool called Wordsmith. Wordsmith is a tool called Wordsmith. Wordsmith is a tool called Wordsmith. Wordsmith is a natural language generation platform natural language generation platform natural language generation platform that can transform your data into that can transform your data into that can transform your data into insightful narratives. Tech giants such insightful narratives. Tech giants such insightful narratives. Tech giants such as Yahoo, Microsoft, Tableau are using as Yahoo, Microsoft, Tableau are using as Yahoo, Microsoft, Tableau are using wordsmith to generate around 1.5 billion wordsmith to generate around 1.5 billion wordsmith to generate around 1.5 billion pieces of content every day. I can go on pieces of content every day. I can go on pieces of content every day. I can go on and on about the applications of deep and on about the applications of deep and on about the applications of deep learning. In the long term, we're hoping learning. In the long term, we're hoping learning. In the long term, we're hoping to see the use of advanced AI techniques to see the use of advanced AI techniques to see the use of advanced AI techniques like deep learning for the betterment of like deep learning for the betterment of like deep learning for the betterment of humanity. Irrespective of the threat AI humanity. Irrespective of the threat AI humanity. Irrespective of the threat AI is supposedly going to pose on humans, is supposedly going to pose on humans, is supposedly going to pose on humans, I'm a firm believer that AI will only I'm a firm believer that AI will only I'm a firm believer that AI will only benefit us in the long run. benefit us in the long run. benefit us in the long run. [music] So moving on, let's talk about what So moving on, let's talk about what So moving on, let's talk about what exactly is a neural network. So neural exactly is a neural network. So neural exactly is a neural network. So neural network is a simple concept to network is a simple concept to network is a simple concept to understand guys. I mean if you look at understand guys. I mean if you look at understand guys. I mean if you look at the tutorials that you find online or on the tutorials that you find online or on the tutorials that you find online or on YouTube or internet you will find a YouTube or internet you will find a YouTube or internet you will find a simple analogy regarding how the neurons simple analogy regarding how the neurons simple analogy regarding how the neurons are connected to the brain and it often are connected to the brain and it often are connected to the brain and it often confuses the beginners who does not know confuses the beginners who does not know confuses the beginners who does not know anything about the neural networks anything about the neural networks anything about the neural networks because it's not necessarily something because it's not necessarily something because it's not necessarily something that everybody is aware of. So simply that everybody is aware of. So simply that everybody is aware of. So simply I'm going to tell you to focus on the I'm going to tell you to focus on the I'm going to tell you to focus on the mathematical aspect of it. So let's say mathematical aspect of it. So let's say mathematical aspect of it. So let's say we have some input values. there is a we have some input values. there is a we have some input values. there is a large connected network which is passing large connected network which is passing large connected network which is passing that input value through layers and that input value through layers and that input value through layers and there is some computation happening and there is some computation happening and there is some computation happening and we are getting the desired output. So we are getting the desired output. So we are getting the desired output. So let's think of it as a network where let's think of it as a network where let's think of it as a network where everything is connected and there are everything is connected and there are everything is connected and there are layers and neurons we'll call them layers and neurons we'll call them layers and neurons we'll call them neurons for now and you know the data neurons for now and you know the data neurons for now and you know the data points inside each layer and there are points inside each layer and there are points inside each layer and there are functions activation functions you know functions activation functions you know functions activation functions you know computations happening summation computations happening summation computations happening summation functions at the end of the day you're functions at the end of the day you're functions at the end of the day you're getting the desired output from that getting the desired output from that getting the desired output from that particular network in hindsight there is particular network in hindsight there is particular network in hindsight there is input going inside the network and input going inside the network and input going inside the network and you're getting an output so it is as you're getting an output so it is as you're getting an output so it is as simple as that and now in the figure simple as that and now in the figure simple as that and now in the figure also you can see that there is a network also you can see that there is a network also you can see that there is a network where nodes are interconnected and there where nodes are interconnected and there where nodes are interconnected and there are several layers which basically are several layers which basically are several layers which basically roughly depicts a neural networks roughly depicts a neural networks roughly depicts a neural networks similar to a brain as well. So that's similar to a brain as well. So that's similar to a brain as well. So that's why most of the people would talk about why most of the people would talk about why most of the people would talk about this analogy. Now the importance of this analogy. Now the importance of this analogy. Now the importance of neural network in deep learning is quite neural network in deep learning is quite neural network in deep learning is quite immense guys. It basically narrows down immense guys. It basically narrows down immense guys. It basically narrows down the human intervention to a bare minimum the human intervention to a bare minimum the human intervention to a bare minimum and is pretty efficient with and is pretty efficient with and is pretty efficient with multi-dimensional data and we'll talk multi-dimensional data and we'll talk multi-dimensional data and we'll talk about that later on. Speeding up the about that later on. Speeding up the about that later on. Speeding up the processor with high efficiency is just processor with high efficiency is just processor with high efficiency is just one of the advantages of the artificial one of the advantages of the artificial one of the advantages of the artificial neural networks and also I forgot to neural networks and also I forgot to neural networks and also I forgot to tell you guys neural networks are also tell you guys neural networks are also tell you guys neural networks are also known as artificial neural networks. Now known as artificial neural networks. Now known as artificial neural networks. Now let's try to understand neural networks let's try to understand neural networks let's try to understand neural networks with a perspective of how it is with a perspective of how it is with a perspective of how it is advantageous and why do we actually need advantageous and why do we actually need advantageous and why do we actually need deep learning and neural networks. So deep learning and neural networks. So deep learning and neural networks. So machine learning was a major machine learning was a major machine learning was a major breakthrough in the technical world. It breakthrough in the technical world. It breakthrough in the technical world. It led to the automation of monotonous and led to the automation of monotonous and led to the automation of monotonous and timeconuming task. It helped in solving timeconuming task. It helped in solving timeconuming task. It helped in solving complex problems and making smarter complex problems and making smarter complex problems and making smarter decisions. However, there were few decisions. However, there were few decisions. However, there were few drawbacks in machine learning that led drawbacks in machine learning that led drawbacks in machine learning that led to the emergence of deep learning. So to the emergence of deep learning. So to the emergence of deep learning. So there are a few pointers that I want to there are a few pointers that I want to there are a few pointers that I want to discuss. First is it was unable to discuss. First is it was unable to discuss. First is it was unable to process highdimensional data. So this process highdimensional data. So this process highdimensional data. So this was I was talking about. So machine was I was talking about. So machine was I was talking about. So machine learning can process only small learning can process only small learning can process only small dimensions of data that contain a small dimensions of data that contain a small dimensions of data that contain a small set of variables. And if you want to set of variables. And if you want to set of variables. And if you want to analyze data containing hundreds of analyze data containing hundreds of analyze data containing hundreds of variables, then machine learning cannot variables, then machine learning cannot variables, then machine learning cannot be used. That is one shortcoming that be used. That is one shortcoming that be used. That is one shortcoming that deep learning is actually fulfilling. deep learning is actually fulfilling. deep learning is actually fulfilling. And next one is feature engineering is And next one is feature engineering is And next one is feature engineering is manual in machine learning. So consider manual in machine learning. So consider manual in machine learning. So consider a use case where you have 100 predictor a use case where you have 100 predictor a use case where you have 100 predictor variables and you need to narrow down variables and you need to narrow down variables and you need to narrow down only the significant ones. To do this only the significant ones. To do this only the significant ones. To do this you have to manually study the you have to manually study the you have to manually study the relationship between each of the relationship between each of the relationship between each of the variables and figure out which ones are variables and figure out which ones are variables and figure out which ones are important in predicting the output and important in predicting the output and important in predicting the output and this task is extremely tedious and this task is extremely tedious and this task is extremely tedious and timeconuming for anyone including a timeconuming for anyone including a timeconuming for anyone including a developer. The next point is it was not developer. The next point is it was not developer. The next point is it was not ideal for performing object detection ideal for performing object detection ideal for performing object detection and image processing. So since object and image processing. So since object and image processing. So since object detection requires highdimensional data detection requires highdimensional data detection requires highdimensional data being you know the images and frames being you know the images and frames being you know the images and frames that you have and you know all the that you have and you know all the that you have and you know all the cascade classifiers the XML files these cascade classifiers the XML files these cascade classifiers the XML files these are all highdimensional data and machine are all highdimensional data and machine are all highdimensional data and machine learning cannot be used to process the learning cannot be used to process the learning cannot be used to process the image data sets. It is only ideal for image data sets. It is only ideal for image data sets. It is only ideal for data sets with a restricted number of data sets with a restricted number of data sets with a restricted number of features. That's where deep learning features. That's where deep learning features. That's where deep learning comes into the picture. fraud risk comes into the picture. fraud risk comes into the picture. fraud risk manager and a data scientist at PayPal. manager and a data scientist at PayPal. manager and a data scientist at PayPal. Kwong quoted at one time like what we Kwong quoted at one time like what we Kwong quoted at one time like what we enjoy from more modern advanced machine enjoy from more modern advanced machine enjoy from more modern advanced machine learning is its ability to consume a lot learning is its ability to consume a lot learning is its ability to consume a lot more data and the layers and layers of more data and the layers and layers of more data and the layers and layers of abstraction and be able to see things abstraction and be able to see things abstraction and be able to see things that a simpler technology would not be that a simpler technology would not be that a simpler technology would not be able to see. Even human beings might not able to see. Even human beings might not able to see. Even human beings might not be able to see. So clearly a simple be able to see. So clearly a simple be able to see. So clearly a simple linear model is capable of consuming linear model is capable of consuming linear model is capable of consuming around 20 variables let's say. However, around 20 variables let's say. However, around 20 variables let's say. However, with deep learning technology, one can with deep learning technology, one can with deep learning technology, one can run thousands of data points. So that is run thousands of data points. So that is run thousands of data points. So that is exactly what we need with deep learning exactly what we need with deep learning exactly what we need with deep learning and neural networks is the center point and neural networks is the center point and neural networks is the center point of that. Now neural networks as a whole of that. Now neural networks as a whole of that. Now neural networks as a whole is a complicated concepts to understand. is a complicated concepts to understand. is a complicated concepts to understand. We can simplify it like there is an We can simplify it like there is an We can simplify it like there is an input data going inside a bunch of input data going inside a bunch of input data going inside a bunch of layers. There is a computation and the layers. There is a computation and the layers. There is a computation and the calculations happening using some calculations happening using some calculations happening using some functions and we are getting the output. functions and we are getting the output. functions and we are getting the output. But it is not as simple as that. To But it is not as simple as that. To But it is not as simple as that. To understand how it works, we'll have to understand how it works, we'll have to understand how it works, we'll have to take a look at the components. You know, take a look at the components. You know, take a look at the components. You know, basically the layers, how many layers basically the layers, how many layers basically the layers, how many layers are there, what kind of activation are there, what kind of activation are there, what kind of activation functions we are using and how are we, functions we are using and how are we, functions we are using and how are we, you know, updating the weights and what you know, updating the weights and what you know, updating the weights and what are the bias and everything. So these are the bias and everything. So these are the bias and everything. So these are the components that we have to talk are the components that we have to talk are the components that we have to talk about. So the key components that build about. So the key components that build about. So the key components that build a neural network includes an input a neural network includes an input a neural network includes an input layer. There'll be hidden layers, a layer. There'll be hidden layers, a layer. There'll be hidden layers, a bunch of hidden layers where the bunch of hidden layers where the bunch of hidden layers where the computations or the calculations will be computations or the calculations will be computations or the calculations will be happening. There is an output layer happening. There is an output layer happening. There is an output layer where we get the output the weights and where we get the output the weights and where we get the output the weights and biases associated with the input values. biases associated with the input values. biases associated with the input values. There is an activation function and then There is an activation function and then There is an activation function and then there is a loss function as well. So there is a loss function as well. So there is a loss function as well. So let's discuss each of them one by one. let's discuss each of them one by one. let's discuss each of them one by one. So first of all I'm going to talk about So first of all I'm going to talk about So first of all I'm going to talk about what exactly are layers. So a layer in what exactly are layers. So a layer in what exactly are layers. So a layer in neural network is basically it's storing neural network is basically it's storing neural network is basically it's storing the neuron before passing it onto the the neuron before passing it onto the the neuron before passing it onto the next layer. So a neuron is basically the next layer. So a neuron is basically the next layer. So a neuron is basically the input point. A layer is basically input point. A layer is basically input point. A layer is basically storing that particular neuron before storing that particular neuron before storing that particular neuron before passing it to the next layer. And each passing it to the next layer. And each passing it to the next layer. And each neuron is a mathematical operation that neuron is a mathematical operation that neuron is a mathematical operation that takes its input, multiplies it by the takes its input, multiplies it by the takes its input, multiplies it by the weight associated with it and then weight associated with it and then weight associated with it and then passes the sum through the activation passes the sum through the activation passes the sum through the activation functions to the other neurons. And functions to the other neurons. And functions to the other neurons. And there are basically three types of there are basically three types of there are basically three types of layers as I've told you. There is an layers as I've told you. There is an layers as I've told you. There is an input layer, hidden layer and an output input layer, hidden layer and an output input layer, hidden layer and an output layer. So as the name suggests the input layer. So as the name suggests the input layer. So as the name suggests the input layer accepts all the inputs provided by layer accepts all the inputs provided by layer accepts all the inputs provided by the programmer or the user and the the programmer or the user and the the programmer or the user and the hidden layer between the input and the hidden layer between the input and the hidden layer between the input and the output layer is a set of layers known as output layer is a set of layers known as output layer is a set of layers known as hidden layers and in this layer hidden layers and in this layer hidden layers and in this layer computations are performed which results computations are performed which results computations are performed which results in the output. So we getting the results in the output. So we getting the results in the output. So we getting the results from these hidden layers and whatever from these hidden layers and whatever from these hidden layers and whatever results that we're getting I mean the results that we're getting I mean the results that we're getting I mean the inputs go through a series of inputs go through a series of inputs go through a series of transformations by the hidden layer transformations by the hidden layer transformations by the hidden layer where we get the output. So it finally where we get the output. So it finally where we get the output. So it finally results in the output and the output is results in the output and the output is results in the output and the output is delivered by the output layer. So now delivered by the output layer. So now delivered by the output layer. So now we're going to move on and learn about we're going to move on and learn about we're going to move on and learn about what exactly are weights and biases and what exactly are weights and biases and what exactly are weights and biases and why are we using them in neural network. why are we using them in neural network. why are we using them in neural network. So to talk about weights and biases, one So to talk about weights and biases, one So to talk about weights and biases, one of the main components of neural network of the main components of neural network of the main components of neural network are weights and biases. So what exactly are weights and biases. So what exactly are weights and biases. So what exactly are weights? We can understand weights are weights? We can understand weights are weights? We can understand weights as a value associated with the input as a value associated with the input as a value associated with the input that basically decides how much that basically decides how much that basically decides how much importance that particular input has to importance that particular input has to importance that particular input has to calculate the desired output. Basically calculate the desired output. Basically calculate the desired output. Basically the priority of you know the input and the priority of you know the input and the priority of you know the input and the weights are optimized during the the weights are optimized during the the weights are optimized during the training phase which we'll discuss later training phase which we'll discuss later training phase which we'll discuss later on while training the model. And to on while training the model. And to on while training the model. And to understand this with an example let's understand this with an example let's understand this with an example let's say we have a vintage car. Now to say we have a vintage car. Now to say we have a vintage car. Now to calculate the price of a vintage car calculate the price of a vintage car calculate the price of a vintage car there would be two very essential there would be two very essential there would be two very essential factors. First is how old is the car or factors. First is how old is the car or factors. First is how old is the car or which model I mean what year the model which model I mean what year the model which model I mean what year the model was made and how much has it been driven was made and how much has it been driven was made and how much has it been driven like how many miles are there on the like how many miles are there on the like how many miles are there on the car. So the weights would have a car. So the weights would have a car. So the weights would have a negative relationship with respect to negative relationship with respect to negative relationship with respect to the year it was made because older the the year it was made because older the the year it was made because older the model was made the higher the price model was made the higher the price model was made the higher the price would be and similar for the number of would be and similar for the number of would be and similar for the number of miles associated with the car. The less miles associated with the car. The less miles associated with the car. The less the number of miles the more the price the number of miles the more the price the number of miles the more the price will go up. Now to understand bias, it will go up. Now to understand bias, it will go up. Now to understand bias, it is simply a constant value that is added is simply a constant value that is added is simply a constant value that is added to the weighted sum of inputs to offset to the weighted sum of inputs to offset to the weighted sum of inputs to offset the result. We'll understand this bias the result. We'll understand this bias the result. We'll understand this bias when we're taking a look at the neural when we're taking a look at the neural when we're taking a look at the neural network using Python guys. So don't network using Python guys. So don't network using Python guys. So don't worry and we're going to take a look at worry and we're going to take a look at worry and we're going to take a look at the activation function and understand the activation function and understand the activation function and understand why it is used in neural network. So why it is used in neural network. So why it is used in neural network. So what exactly is an activation function? what exactly is an activation function? what exactly is an activation function? An activation function is basically An activation function is basically An activation function is basically normalizing the computed input to normalizing the computed input to normalizing the computed input to produce an output. There can be various produce an output. There can be various produce an output. There can be various activation functions like there can be a activation functions like there can be a activation functions like there can be a sigmoid function, a linear function, sigmoid function, a linear function, sigmoid function, a linear function, there are soft max and reel. So these there are soft max and reel. So these there are soft max and reel. So these are the activation functions that we can are the activation functions that we can are the activation functions that we can use. So in our model we're going to use use. So in our model we're going to use use. So in our model we're going to use the sigmoid function guys. Probably the sigmoid function guys. Probably the sigmoid function guys. Probably because it has a threshold value from 0 because it has a threshold value from 0 because it has a threshold value from 0 to one. So there can be only two outputs to one. So there can be only two outputs to one. So there can be only two outputs either 0 or one. So that is why we're either 0 or one. So that is why we're either 0 or one. So that is why we're going to use sigmoid function guys. And going to use sigmoid function guys. And going to use sigmoid function guys. And if you want to learn more about sigmoid if you want to learn more about sigmoid if you want to learn more about sigmoid function, we have tutorial on our function, we have tutorial on our function, we have tutorial on our YouTube channel that you can check out. YouTube channel that you can check out. YouTube channel that you can check out. You can also check out the gradient You can also check out the gradient You can also check out the gradient descent algorithm or tutorial that we descent algorithm or tutorial that we descent algorithm or tutorial that we have on our YouTube channel and to have on our YouTube channel and to have on our YouTube channel and to understand okay let's try to understand understand okay let's try to understand understand okay let's try to understand the whole process in a systematic way. the whole process in a systematic way. the whole process in a systematic way. So let's say the input values are I1 I2 So let's say the input values are I1 I2 So let's say the input values are I1 I2 I3 and so on and there is a subsequent I3 and so on and there is a subsequent I3 and so on and there is a subsequent weights associated with them which is W1 weights associated with them which is W1 weights associated with them which is W1 W2 and so on until WN and the weighted W2 and so on until WN and the weighted W2 and so on until WN and the weighted sum will be I1 W1 I2 W2 and so on. After sum will be I1 W1 I2 W2 and so on. After sum will be I1 W1 I2 W2 and so on. After adding the bias, the weighted sum would adding the bias, the weighted sum would adding the bias, the weighted sum would become I1 W1, I2, W2 and so on plus become I1 W1, I2, W2 and so on plus become I1 W1, I2, W2 and so on plus bias. Now the output will be computed bias. Now the output will be computed bias. Now the output will be computed using the activation function. So the using the activation function. So the using the activation function. So the output would be sigmoid function on our output would be sigmoid function on our output would be sigmoid function on our calculated sum or calculated weighted calculated sum or calculated weighted calculated sum or calculated weighted sum. So it would look somewhere like sum. So it would look somewhere like sum. So it would look somewhere like this. So basically sigmoid function is this. So basically sigmoid function is this. So basically sigmoid function is output is equal to 1x 1 + e to the power output is equal to 1x 1 + e to the power output is equal to 1x 1 + e to the power - x. and we will learn more about this - x. and we will learn more about this - x. and we will learn more about this when we will train the neural network. when we will train the neural network. when we will train the neural network. So now we'll talk about the next step So now we'll talk about the next step So now we'll talk about the next step that we have in our neural network. So that we have in our neural network. So that we have in our neural network. So far we have discussed the layers the far we have discussed the layers the far we have discussed the layers the weight associated with the input and how weight associated with the input and how weight associated with the input and how the output is calculated using the the output is calculated using the the output is calculated using the activation function. Now to implement a activation function. Now to implement a activation function. Now to implement a neural network there are two steps neural network there are two steps neural network there are two steps involved. First is feed forward and then involved. First is feed forward and then involved. First is feed forward and then there is back propagation. So what there is back propagation. So what there is back propagation. So what exactly is feed forward? In a feed exactly is feed forward? In a feed exactly is feed forward? In a feed forward neural network, the weights are forward neural network, the weights are forward neural network, the weights are taken randomly and the output is taken randomly and the output is taken randomly and the output is calculated using the activation calculated using the activation calculated using the activation function. These weights are actually function. These weights are actually function. These weights are actually taken at random are going to be taken at random are going to be taken at random are going to be optimized later on during back optimized later on during back optimized later on during back propagation. So the entire process of propagation. So the entire process of propagation. So the entire process of the input going through all the layers the input going through all the layers the input going through all the layers and getting the output is feed forward. and getting the output is feed forward. and getting the output is feed forward. Now on the other hand, back propagation Now on the other hand, back propagation Now on the other hand, back propagation is the process where weights are updated is the process where weights are updated is the process where weights are updated to minimize the calculated error. Error to minimize the calculated error. Error to minimize the calculated error. Error is nothing but you know the actual is nothing but you know the actual is nothing but you know the actual output and the predictor output is output and the predictor output is output and the predictor output is compared and the difference between both compared and the difference between both compared and the difference between both of them is the error. So we have to of them is the error. So we have to of them is the error. So we have to minimize that error. For that we use minimize that error. For that we use minimize that error. For that we use back propagation. Now to do the weights back propagation. Now to do the weights back propagation. Now to do the weights are basically updated using the gradient are basically updated using the gradient are basically updated using the gradient descent algorithm. That's why I was descent algorithm. That's why I was descent algorithm. That's why I was talking about you can check it out on talking about you can check it out on talking about you can check it out on our YouTube channel. So I'll talk about our YouTube channel. So I'll talk about our YouTube channel. So I'll talk about the flow how we have set the flow right. the flow how we have set the flow right. the flow how we have set the flow right. So we take the inputs we assign the bias So we take the inputs we assign the bias So we take the inputs we assign the bias and the weights associated with them and and the weights associated with them and and the weights associated with them and we find the error in prediction after we find the error in prediction after we find the error in prediction after you know applying the activation you know applying the activation you know applying the activation function on the output. So the idea to function on the output. So the idea to function on the output. So the idea to minimize the cost function or the error minimize the cost function or the error minimize the cost function or the error we do it by using the gradient descent we do it by using the gradient descent we do it by using the gradient descent algorithm and we repeat the training algorithm and we repeat the training algorithm and we repeat the training phase with updated weights until we get phase with updated weights until we get phase with updated weights until we get the lowest error or the lowest error in the lowest error or the lowest error in the lowest error or the lowest error in prediction and after that we make prediction and after that we make prediction and after that we make predictions. So that is how the whole predictions. So that is how the whole predictions. So that is how the whole process works. And to understand how we process works. And to understand how we process works. And to understand how we calculate the error, we can take an calculate the error, we can take an calculate the error, we can take an example you know in the example we'll be example you know in the example we'll be example you know in the example we'll be taking a look at how mean squared error taking a look at how mean squared error taking a look at how mean squared error is taken and weights are updated using is taken and weights are updated using is taken and weights are updated using the gradient descent algorithm where we the gradient descent algorithm where we the gradient descent algorithm where we have x is equal to input the f of x is have x is equal to input the f of x is have x is equal to input the f of x is the output based on x and lr is the the output based on x and lr is the the output based on x and lr is the learning rate and we are going to find learning rate and we are going to find learning rate and we are going to find the derivative of f ofx and for that the derivative of f ofx and for that the derivative of f ofx and for that we'll have three derivatives. We're we'll have three derivatives. We're we'll have three derivatives. We're going to apply the chain rule and going to apply the chain rule and going to apply the chain rule and there'll be three derivatives and if you there'll be three derivatives and if you there'll be three derivatives and if you take a look at the gradient descent take a look at the gradient descent take a look at the gradient descent algorithm the formula how we calculate algorithm the formula how we calculate algorithm the formula how we calculate the derivative you'll understand that. the derivative you'll understand that. the derivative you'll understand that. So we're going to take it up to the So we're going to take it up to the So we're going to take it up to the actual implementation of neural network actual implementation of neural network actual implementation of neural network using everything that we have discussed using everything that we have discussed using everything that we have discussed so far. So let's take it up to Jupyter so far. So let's take it up to Jupyter so far. So let's take it up to Jupyter notebook guys and we're going to see the notebook guys and we're going to see the notebook guys and we're going to see the practical implementation of how we use a practical implementation of how we use a practical implementation of how we use a neural network. So in this notebook I neural network. So in this notebook I neural network. So in this notebook I have written down the logic for uh you have written down the logic for uh you have written down the logic for uh you know how we are going to implement a know how we are going to implement a know how we are going to implement a neural network. So first of all we're neural network. So first of all we're neural network. So first of all we're going to need a few components which is going to need a few components which is going to need a few components which is going to be nothing but inputs you know going to be nothing but inputs you know going to be nothing but inputs you know the input features and they're going to the input features and they're going to the input features and they're going to be the output values and there'll be be the output values and there'll be be the output values and there'll be weights the bias and we're going to use weights the bias and we're going to use weights the bias and we're going to use the gradient descent algorithm. So we're the gradient descent algorithm. So we're the gradient descent algorithm. So we're going to need the learning rate and going to need the learning rate and going to need the learning rate and derivative of the sigmoid function and derivative of the sigmoid function and derivative of the sigmoid function and of course there'll be sigmoid function of course there'll be sigmoid function of course there'll be sigmoid function as the activation function. So initially as the activation function. So initially as the activation function. So initially I imported the numpy library and now I imported the numpy library and now I imported the numpy library and now guys I must tell you before we begin guys I must tell you before we begin guys I must tell you before we begin with this you know implementation this with this you know implementation this with this you know implementation this is just to make you understand how it is just to make you understand how it is just to make you understand how it works. So not necessarily you have to works. So not necessarily you have to works. So not necessarily you have to deal with you know neural networks like deal with you know neural networks like deal with you know neural networks like this. We have tensorflow we have this. We have tensorflow we have this. We have tensorflow we have scikitlearn where you can just you know scikitlearn where you can just you know scikitlearn where you can just you know uh import a module and using tensflow uh import a module and using tensflow uh import a module and using tensflow there is you know you can design a model there is you know you can design a model there is you know you can design a model you know sequential models with lot of you know sequential models with lot of you know sequential models with lot of layers and everything and there you have layers and everything and there you have layers and everything and there you have the activation functions and then you the activation functions and then you the activation functions and then you can also calculate the loss and there can also calculate the loss and there can also calculate the loss and there are metrics such as accuracy and are metrics such as accuracy and are metrics such as accuracy and everything. So that is what you will use everything. So that is what you will use everything. So that is what you will use to make it easier for you. This is just to make it easier for you. This is just to make it easier for you. This is just I'm telling you guys to understand how I'm telling you guys to understand how I'm telling you guys to understand how it really works. So we have the input it really works. So we have the input it really works. So we have the input value. All right. So we have an array value. All right. So we have an array value. All right. So we have an array with these four values in shape 4 by 2 with these four values in shape 4 by 2 with these four values in shape 4 by 2 and after that we have the output values and after that we have the output values and after that we have the output values in the output array. And of course we in the output array. And of course we in the output array. And of course we have four values 0 1 1 0 and this is in have four values 0 1 1 0 and this is in have four values 0 1 1 0 and this is in shape we have reshaped into 4x1 and then shape we have reshaped into 4x1 and then shape we have reshaped into 4x1 and then we have the weights which is none other we have the weights which is none other we have the weights which is none other than uh 0.1 and 0.2 weights associated than uh 0.1 and 0.2 weights associated than uh 0.1 and 0.2 weights associated with this particular program. And then with this particular program. And then with this particular program. And then we have the bias is equal to 0.3. And we have the bias is equal to 0.3. And we have the bias is equal to 0.3. And then the activation function is the then the activation function is the then the activation function is the sigmoid function which is we have you sigmoid function which is we have you sigmoid function which is we have you know implemented using the numpy and know implemented using the numpy and know implemented using the numpy and numpy exponentiation of course and this numpy exponentiation of course and this numpy exponentiation of course and this is minus x over here. This is you know is minus x over here. This is you know is minus x over here. This is you know how you implement a sigmoid function how you implement a sigmoid function how you implement a sigmoid function using numpy and then there's a using numpy and then there's a using numpy and then there's a derivative of the sigmoid function which derivative of the sigmoid function which derivative of the sigmoid function which we are going to use for chain rule which we are going to use for chain rule which we are going to use for chain rule which will you know help us uh in the gradient will you know help us uh in the gradient will you know help us uh in the gradient descent algorithm or the formula and descent algorithm or the formula and descent algorithm or the formula and then comes the part where we have the then comes the part where we have the then comes the part where we have the code where we are going to update the code where we are going to update the code where we are going to update the weights. So for example, the epochs are weights. So for example, the epochs are weights. So for example, the epochs are in the range 10,000 and then the input in the range 10,000 and then the input in the range 10,000 and then the input array. So there's a weighted sum. So array. So there's a weighted sum. So array. So there's a weighted sum. So this goes on with the flow that I have this goes on with the flow that I have this goes on with the flow that I have mentioned. All right. So first of all, mentioned. All right. So first of all, mentioned. All right. So first of all, you have an input value. Then you you have an input value. Then you you have an input value. Then you calculate the weighted sum, add bias to calculate the weighted sum, add bias to calculate the weighted sum, add bias to it. So this is basically the weighted it. So this is basically the weighted it. So this is basically the weighted sum where we have added the bias, the sum where we have added the bias, the sum where we have added the bias, the weights, everything. After that we have weights, everything. After that we have weights, everything. After that we have the first output. Okay. So this is the the first output. Okay. So this is the the first output. Okay. So this is the feed forward. The first output is our feed forward. The first output is our feed forward. The first output is our sigmoid function using we are getting sigmoid function using we are getting sigmoid function using we are getting and after that we will have a set of and after that we will have a set of and after that we will have a set of values for first output which we can values for first output which we can values for first output which we can compare with the desired output there we compare with the desired output there we compare with the desired output there we will have a error basically the will have a error basically the will have a error basically the difference between both of them. So we difference between both of them. So we difference between both of them. So we are calculating that using mean squared are calculating that using mean squared are calculating that using mean squared error. The statement that we have with error. The statement that we have with error. The statement that we have with numpy is calculating the mean squared numpy is calculating the mean squared numpy is calculating the mean squared error. And after that we have the first error. And after that we have the first error. And after that we have the first derivative. These derivative values we derivative. These derivative values we derivative. These derivative values we are practically calculating to are practically calculating to are practically calculating to incorporate in the gradient descent incorporate in the gradient descent incorporate in the gradient descent algorithm. So first derivative is the algorithm. So first derivative is the algorithm. So first derivative is the error. This is the first derivative in error. This is the first derivative in error. This is the first derivative in the chain rule. Then we have the second the chain rule. Then we have the second the chain rule. Then we have the second derivative which is basically nothing derivative which is basically nothing derivative which is basically nothing but the derivative of the sigmoid but the derivative of the sigmoid but the derivative of the sigmoid function. Then we have the final function. Then we have the final function. Then we have the final derivative which is the dot product of derivative which is the dot product of derivative which is the dot product of the input values where we have the input values where we have the input values where we have transposed the input values. Before it transposed the input values. Before it transposed the input values. Before it was in the shape four 4x2 now it will was in the shape four 4x2 now it will was in the shape four 4x2 now it will become 2x4 and after that we update the become 2x4 and after that we update the become 2x4 and after that we update the weights using the equation which is weights using the equation which is weights using the equation which is nothing but this is x is equal to x - lr nothing but this is x is equal to x - lr nothing but this is x is equal to x - lr which we have set as 0.05 which we have set as 0.05 which we have set as 0.05 and this is basically dy dx of f ofx. and this is basically dy dx of f ofx. and this is basically dy dx of f ofx. All right. So this is the final All right. So this is the final All right. So this is the final derivative. That's why we have derivative. That's why we have derivative. That's why we have calculated all of these. And after that calculated all of these. And after that calculated all of these. And after that we update the bias as well using the we update the bias as well using the we update the bias as well using the same formula. And now if I run it. So same formula. And now if I run it. So same formula. And now if I run it. So the weight value is -0.4 the weight value is -0.4 the weight value is -0.4 and 11.8 and the bias is - 5.6. So now and 11.8 and the bias is - 5.6. So now and 11.8 and the bias is - 5.6. So now to get the prediction done, we will to get the prediction done, we will to get the prediction done, we will check it for the new value. check it for the new value. check it for the new value. So we have an array. The input value is So we have an array. The input value is So we have an array. The input value is 0 and one. So for this 0 and one the 0 and one. So for this 0 and one the 0 and one. So for this 0 and one the target output is one. So we will see how target output is one. So we will see how target output is one. So we will see how far off our result is. It is basically far off our result is. It is basically far off our result is. It is basically 0.9979. 0.9979. 0.9979. So it's pretty accurate guys. Now we'll So it's pretty accurate guys. Now we'll So it's pretty accurate guys. Now we'll check for other values as well. So let's check for other values as well. So let's check for other values as well. So let's check for 0 and 0. So it should be check for 0 and 0. So it should be check for 0 and 0. So it should be around 0.3 which is almost equal to zero around 0.3 which is almost equal to zero around 0.3 which is almost equal to zero again. So this is how we can implement a again. So this is how we can implement a again. So this is how we can implement a neural network in Python. So this is a neural network in Python. So this is a neural network in Python. So this is a basic implementation guys. So instead of basic implementation guys. So instead of basic implementation guys. So instead of using a sigmoid function in this you using a sigmoid function in this you using a sigmoid function in this you know activation function what we can do know activation function what we can do know activation function what we can do is we can use a linear function. There is we can use a linear function. There is we can use a linear function. There are other options as well and you know are other options as well and you know are other options as well and you know we can use a soft max function. So this we can use a soft max function. So this we can use a soft max function. So this is it guys with this we have come to the is it guys with this we have come to the is it guys with this we have come to the end of the session and I just want to end of the session and I just want to end of the session and I just want to tell you guys this is basic tell you guys this is basic tell you guys this is basic implementation of neural networks that implementation of neural networks that implementation of neural networks that you can find. So if you really really you can find. So if you really really you can find. So if you really really want to work with neural networks this want to work with neural networks this want to work with neural networks this is just a very basic example that I've is just a very basic example that I've is just a very basic example that I've shown you. What you can do is you can go shown you. What you can do is you can go shown you. What you can do is you can go to TensorFlow official documentation or to TensorFlow official documentation or to TensorFlow official documentation or check out our YouTube channel and you check out our YouTube channel and you check out our YouTube channel and you can find a lot of tutorials there where can find a lot of tutorials there where can find a lot of tutorials there where we have image classification you know we have image classification you know we have image classification you know basic image classification how you can basic image classification how you can basic image classification how you can just get data pre-process the images and just get data pre-process the images and just get data pre-process the images and feed the input into a network where you feed the input into a network where you feed the input into a network where you can identify or classify the images into can identify or classify the images into can identify or classify the images into different classes and that's a very different classes and that's a very different classes and that's a very basic example again [music] &gt;&gt; so this the problem statement guys we &gt;&gt; so this the problem statement guys we &gt;&gt; so this the problem statement guys we need to figure out if the bank nodes are need to figure out if the bank nodes are need to figure out if the bank nodes are real or fake and for that we'll be using real or fake and for that we'll be using real or fake and for that we'll be using artificial neural networks and obviously artificial neural networks and obviously artificial neural networks and obviously we need some sort of data in order to we need some sort of data in order to we need some sort of data in order to train our network so let us see how the train our network so let us see how the train our network so let us see how the data set looks like so over here I've data set looks like so over here I've data set looks like so over here I've taken a screenshot of the data set with taken a screenshot of the data set with taken a screenshot of the data set with few of the rows in it data were few of the rows in it data were few of the rows in it data were extracted from images that were taken extracted from images that were taken extracted from images that were taken from genuine and forged banknotelike from genuine and forged banknotelike from genuine and forged banknotelike specimens after that wavelength specimens after that wavelength specimens after that wavelength transform tools were used to extract transform tools were used to extract transform tools were used to extract features from those images and these are features from those images and these are features from those images and these are few features that I'm highlighting with few features that I'm highlighting with few features that I'm highlighting with my cursor and the final column or the my cursor and the final column or the my cursor and the final column or the last column actually represents the last column actually represents the last column actually represents the label. So basically label tells us to label. So basically label tells us to label. So basically label tells us to which class that pattern represents which class that pattern represents which class that pattern represents whether that pattern represents a fake whether that pattern represents a fake whether that pattern represents a fake note or it represents a real note. Let note or it represents a real note. Let note or it represents a real note. Let us discuss these features and labels one us discuss these features and labels one us discuss these features and labels one by one. So the first feature or the by one. So the first feature or the by one. So the first feature or the first column is nothing but variance of first column is nothing but variance of first column is nothing but variance of a wavelength transformed image. The a wavelength transformed image. The a wavelength transformed image. The second column is about skewess. The second column is about skewess. The second column is about skewess. The third is courtes of wavelength third is courtes of wavelength third is courtes of wavelength transformed image and finally fourth one transformed image and finally fourth one transformed image and finally fourth one is entropy of the image. After that when is entropy of the image. After that when is entropy of the image. After that when I talk about label which is nothing but I talk about label which is nothing but I talk about label which is nothing but my last column over here if the value is my last column over here if the value is my last column over here if the value is one that means the pattern represents a one that means the pattern represents a one that means the pattern represents a real node whereas when value is zero real node whereas when value is zero real node whereas when value is zero that means it represents a fake node. So that means it represents a fake node. So that means it represents a fake node. So guys let's move forward and we'll see guys let's move forward and we'll see guys let's move forward and we'll see what are the various steps involved in what are the various steps involved in what are the various steps involved in order to implement this use case. So order to implement this use case. So order to implement this use case. So over here we'll first begin by reading over here we'll first begin by reading over here we'll first begin by reading the data set that we have. We'll define the data set that we have. We'll define the data set that we have. We'll define features and labels. After that we are features and labels. After that we are features and labels. After that we are going to encode the dependent variable. going to encode the dependent variable. going to encode the dependent variable. And what is a dependent variable? It is And what is a dependent variable? It is And what is a dependent variable? It is nothing but your label. Then we are nothing but your label. Then we are nothing but your label. Then we are going to divide the data set into two going to divide the data set into two going to divide the data set into two parts. one for training, another for parts. one for training, another for parts. one for training, another for testing. After that, we'll use testing. After that, we'll use testing. After that, we'll use TensorFlow data structures for holding TensorFlow data structures for holding TensorFlow data structures for holding features, labels, etc. And TensorFlow is features, labels, etc. And TensorFlow is features, labels, etc. And TensorFlow is nothing but a Python library that is nothing but a Python library that is nothing but a Python library that is used in order to implement deep learning used in order to implement deep learning used in order to implement deep learning models or you can say neural networks. models or you can say neural networks. models or you can say neural networks. Then we'll write the code in order to Then we'll write the code in order to Then we'll write the code in order to implement the model. And once this is implement the model. And once this is implement the model. And once this is done, we will train our model on the done, we will train our model on the done, we will train our model on the training data. We'll calculate the training data. We'll calculate the training data. We'll calculate the error. The error is nothing but your error. The error is nothing but your error. The error is nothing but your difference between the model output and difference between the model output and difference between the model output and the actual output. And we'll try to the actual output. And we'll try to the actual output. And we'll try to reduce this error. And once this error reduce this error. And once this error reduce this error. And once this error becomes minimum, we'll make prediction becomes minimum, we'll make prediction becomes minimum, we'll make prediction on the test data and we'll calculate the on the test data and we'll calculate the on the test data and we'll calculate the final accuracy. So guys, let me quickly final accuracy. So guys, let me quickly final accuracy. So guys, let me quickly open my PyCharm and I'll show you how open my PyCharm and I'll show you how open my PyCharm and I'll show you how the output looks like. So this is my the output looks like. So this is my the output looks like. So this is my PyCharm guys. Over here, I've already PyCharm guys. Over here, I've already PyCharm guys. Over here, I've already written the code in order to execute the written the code in order to execute the written the code in order to execute the use case. I'll go ahead and run this and use case. I'll go ahead and run this and use case. I'll go ahead and run this and I'll show you the output. So over here as you can see with every So over here as you can see with every So over here as you can see with every iteration, the accuracy is increasing. iteration, the accuracy is increasing. iteration, the accuracy is increasing. So let me just stop it right here. All So let me just stop it right here. All So let me just stop it right here. All right. till now any questions any doubts right. till now any questions any doubts right. till now any questions any doubts with respect to what is our use case with respect to what is our use case with respect to what is our use case what is the data set about any questions what is the data set about any questions what is the data set about any questions guys you can go ahead and ask me guys you can go ahead and ask me guys you can go ahead and ask me okay there's a question from Arpan he's okay there's a question from Arpan he's okay there's a question from Arpan he's asking can you explain the code asking can you explain the code asking can you explain the code definitely Arpan I'll be doing that at definitely Arpan I'll be doing that at definitely Arpan I'll be doing that at the end of this class when you are done the end of this class when you are done the end of this class when you are done with all the fundamentals of neural with all the fundamentals of neural with all the fundamentals of neural networks I'll explain you the entire networks I'll explain you the entire networks I'll explain you the entire code how I have written that and how code how I have written that and how code how I have written that and how I've used tensorflow in order to I've used tensorflow in order to I've used tensorflow in order to implement neural networks I hope are you implement neural networks I hope are you implement neural networks I hope are you are satisfied with the answer okay he's are satisfied with the answer okay he's are satisfied with the answer okay he's fine with it any other questions any fine with it any other questions any fine with it any other questions any other doubts guys just go ahead and ask other doubts guys just go ahead and ask other doubts guys just go ahead and ask me over here you Don't need to worry me over here you Don't need to worry me over here you Don't need to worry about code right now guys because I'll about code right now guys because I'll about code right now guys because I'll explain this later in the session. So explain this later in the session. So explain this later in the session. So what I'll do I'll open my slides once what I'll do I'll open my slides once what I'll do I'll open my slides once more and we'll discuss the fundamentals more and we'll discuss the fundamentals more and we'll discuss the fundamentals of neural networks that are required in of neural networks that are required in of neural networks that are required in order to implement this use case. So in order to implement this use case. So in order to implement this use case. So in order to understand why we need neural order to understand why we need neural order to understand why we need neural networks we are going to compare the networks we are going to compare the networks we are going to compare the approach before and after neural approach before and after neural approach before and after neural networks and we'll see what were the networks and we'll see what were the networks and we'll see what were the various problems that were there before various problems that were there before various problems that were there before neural networks. So earlier conventional neural networks. So earlier conventional neural networks. So earlier conventional computers use an algorithmic approach computers use an algorithmic approach computers use an algorithmic approach that is the computer follows a set of that is the computer follows a set of that is the computer follows a set of instructions in order to solve a problem instructions in order to solve a problem instructions in order to solve a problem and unless the specific steps that the and unless the specific steps that the and unless the specific steps that the computer needs to follow are known the computer needs to follow are known the computer needs to follow are known the computer cannot solve the problem. So computer cannot solve the problem. So computer cannot solve the problem. So obviously we need a person who actually obviously we need a person who actually obviously we need a person who actually knows how to solve that problem and he knows how to solve that problem and he knows how to solve that problem and he or she can provide the instructions to or she can provide the instructions to or she can provide the instructions to the computer as to how to solve that the computer as to how to solve that the computer as to how to solve that particular problem. Right? So we first particular problem. Right? So we first particular problem. Right? So we first should know the answer to that problem should know the answer to that problem should know the answer to that problem or we should know how to overcome that or we should know how to overcome that or we should know how to overcome that challenge or problem which is there in challenge or problem which is there in challenge or problem which is there in front of us. Then only we can provide front of us. Then only we can provide front of us. Then only we can provide instructions to the computer. So this instructions to the computer. So this instructions to the computer. So this restricts the problem solving capability restricts the problem solving capability restricts the problem solving capability of conventional computers to problems of conventional computers to problems of conventional computers to problems that we already understand and know how that we already understand and know how that we already understand and know how to solve. But what about those problems to solve. But what about those problems to solve. But what about those problems whose answer we have no clue of. So whose answer we have no clue of. So whose answer we have no clue of. So that's where our traditional approach that's where our traditional approach that's where our traditional approach was a failure. So that's why neural was a failure. So that's why neural was a failure. So that's why neural networks were introduced. Now let us see networks were introduced. Now let us see networks were introduced. Now let us see what was the scenario after neural what was the scenario after neural what was the scenario after neural networks. So neural networks basically networks. So neural networks basically networks. So neural networks basically process information in a similar way the process information in a similar way the process information in a similar way the human brain does and these networks they human brain does and these networks they human brain does and these networks they actually learn from examples. You cannot actually learn from examples. You cannot actually learn from examples. You cannot program them to perform a specific task. program them to perform a specific task. program them to perform a specific task. They will learn from their examples from They will learn from their examples from They will learn from their examples from their experience. So you don't need to their experience. So you don't need to their experience. So you don't need to provide all the instructions to perform provide all the instructions to perform provide all the instructions to perform a specific task and your network will a specific task and your network will a specific task and your network will learn on its own with its own learn on its own with its own learn on its own with its own experience. All right. So this is what experience. All right. So this is what experience. All right. So this is what basically neural network does. So even basically neural network does. So even basically neural network does. So even if you don't know how to solve a if you don't know how to solve a if you don't know how to solve a problem, you can train your network in problem, you can train your network in problem, you can train your network in such a way that with experience it can such a way that with experience it can such a way that with experience it can actually learn how to solve the problem. actually learn how to solve the problem. actually learn how to solve the problem. So that was a major reason why neural So that was a major reason why neural So that was a major reason why neural networks came into existence. We'll move networks came into existence. We'll move networks came into existence. We'll move forward and we'll understand what is the forward and we'll understand what is the forward and we'll understand what is the motivation behind neural networks. So motivation behind neural networks. So motivation behind neural networks. So these neural networks are basically these neural networks are basically these neural networks are basically inspired by neurons which are nothing inspired by neurons which are nothing inspired by neurons which are nothing but your brain cells. And the exact but your brain cells. And the exact but your brain cells. And the exact working of the human brain is still a working of the human brain is still a working of the human brain is still a mystery though. So as I've told you mystery though. So as I've told you mystery though. So as I've told you earlier as well that neural networks earlier as well that neural networks earlier as well that neural networks work like human brain and so the name work like human brain and so the name work like human brain and so the name and similar to a newborn human baby as and similar to a newborn human baby as and similar to a newborn human baby as he or she learns from his or her he or she learns from his or her he or she learns from his or her experience we want a network to do that experience we want a network to do that experience we want a network to do that as well but we wanted to do very as well but we wanted to do very as well but we wanted to do very quickly. So here's a diagram of a quickly. So here's a diagram of a quickly. So here's a diagram of a neuron. Basically a biological neuron neuron. Basically a biological neuron neuron. Basically a biological neuron receives input from other sources receives input from other sources receives input from other sources combines them in some way perform a combines them in some way perform a combines them in some way perform a generally nonlinear operation on the generally nonlinear operation on the generally nonlinear operation on the result and then outputs the final result and then outputs the final result and then outputs the final result. So here if you notice these result. So here if you notice these result. So here if you notice these dendrites these dendrites will receive dendrites these dendrites will receive dendrites these dendrites will receive signals from the other neurons. Then signals from the other neurons. Then signals from the other neurons. Then what will happen? It'll transfer it to what will happen? It'll transfer it to what will happen? It'll transfer it to the cell body. The cell body will the cell body. The cell body will the cell body. The cell body will perform some function. It can be perform some function. It can be perform some function. It can be summation can be multiplication. So summation can be multiplication. So summation can be multiplication. So after performing that summation on the after performing that summation on the after performing that summation on the set of inputs via exxon it is set of inputs via exxon it is set of inputs via exxon it is transferred to the next neuro. Now let's transferred to the next neuro. Now let's transferred to the next neuro. Now let's understand what exactly are artificial understand what exactly are artificial understand what exactly are artificial neural networks. It is basically a neural networks. It is basically a neural networks. It is basically a computing system that is designed to computing system that is designed to computing system that is designed to simulate the way the human brain simulate the way the human brain simulate the way the human brain analyzes and process the information. analyzes and process the information. analyzes and process the information. Artificial neural networks has Artificial neural networks has Artificial neural networks has self-arning capabilities that enable it self-arning capabilities that enable it self-arning capabilities that enable it to produce better results as more data to produce better results as more data to produce better results as more data becomes available. So if you train your becomes available. So if you train your becomes available. So if you train your network on more data, it'll be more network on more data, it'll be more network on more data, it'll be more accurate. So these neural networks, they accurate. So these neural networks, they accurate. So these neural networks, they actually learn by example and you can actually learn by example and you can actually learn by example and you can configure your neural network for configure your neural network for configure your neural network for specific applications. It can be pattern specific applications. It can be pattern specific applications. It can be pattern recognition or it can be data recognition or it can be data recognition or it can be data classification, anything like that. All classification, anything like that. All classification, anything like that. All right. So because of neural networks we right. So because of neural networks we right. So because of neural networks we see a lot of new technology has evolved see a lot of new technology has evolved see a lot of new technology has evolved from translating web pages to other from translating web pages to other from translating web pages to other languages to having a virtual assistant languages to having a virtual assistant languages to having a virtual assistant to order groceries online to conversing to order groceries online to conversing to order groceries online to conversing with chat bots. All of these things are with chat bots. All of these things are with chat bots. All of these things are possible because of neural networks. So possible because of neural networks. So possible because of neural networks. So in a nutshell if I need to tell you in a nutshell if I need to tell you in a nutshell if I need to tell you artificial neural network is nothing but artificial neural network is nothing but artificial neural network is nothing but a network of various artificial neurons. a network of various artificial neurons. a network of various artificial neurons. All right. So let me show you the All right. So let me show you the All right. So let me show you the importance of neural network with two importance of neural network with two importance of neural network with two scenarios before and after neural scenarios before and after neural scenarios before and after neural network. So over here we have a machine network. So over here we have a machine network. So over here we have a machine and we have trained this machine on four and we have trained this machine on four and we have trained this machine on four types of dogs as you can see where I'm types of dogs as you can see where I'm types of dogs as you can see where I'm highlighting with my cursor and once the highlighting with my cursor and once the highlighting with my cursor and once the training is done we provide a random training is done we provide a random training is done we provide a random image to this particular machine which image to this particular machine which image to this particular machine which has a dog but this dog is not like the has a dog but this dog is not like the has a dog but this dog is not like the other dogs on which we have trained our other dogs on which we have trained our other dogs on which we have trained our system on. So without neural networks system on. So without neural networks system on. So without neural networks our machine cannot identify that dog in our machine cannot identify that dog in our machine cannot identify that dog in the picture as you can see it over here. the picture as you can see it over here. the picture as you can see it over here. Basically our machine will be confused. Basically our machine will be confused. Basically our machine will be confused. It cannot figure out where the dog is. It cannot figure out where the dog is. It cannot figure out where the dog is. Now when I talk about neural networks, Now when I talk about neural networks, Now when I talk about neural networks, even if we have not trained our machine even if we have not trained our machine even if we have not trained our machine on this specific dog, but still it can on this specific dog, but still it can on this specific dog, but still it can identify certain features of the dogs identify certain features of the dogs identify certain features of the dogs that we have trained on and it can match that we have trained on and it can match that we have trained on and it can match those features with the dog that is those features with the dog that is those features with the dog that is there in this particular image and it there in this particular image and it there in this particular image and it can identify that dog. So this happens can identify that dog. So this happens can identify that dog. So this happens all because of neural networks. So this all because of neural networks. So this all because of neural networks. So this is just an example to show you how is just an example to show you how is just an example to show you how important are neural networks. Now I important are neural networks. Now I important are neural networks. Now I know you all must be thinking how neural know you all must be thinking how neural know you all must be thinking how neural networks work. So for that we'll move networks work. So for that we'll move networks work. So for that we'll move forward and understand how it actually forward and understand how it actually forward and understand how it actually works. So over here I'll begin by first works. So over here I'll begin by first works. So over here I'll begin by first explaining a single artificial neuron explaining a single artificial neuron explaining a single artificial neuron that is called as perceptron. So this is that is called as perceptron. So this is that is called as perceptron. So this is an example of a perceptron. Over here we an example of a perceptron. Over here we an example of a perceptron. Over here we have multiple inputs x1 x2 dash till xn have multiple inputs x1 x2 dash till xn have multiple inputs x1 x2 dash till xn and we have corresponding weights as and we have corresponding weights as and we have corresponding weights as well. W1 for x1 w2 for x2 similarly wn well. W1 for x1 w2 for x2 similarly wn well. W1 for x1 w2 for x2 similarly wn for xn. Then what happens? We calculated for xn. Then what happens? We calculated for xn. Then what happens? We calculated the weighted sum of these inputs and the weighted sum of these inputs and the weighted sum of these inputs and after doing that we pass it through an after doing that we pass it through an after doing that we pass it through an activation function. This activation activation function. This activation activation function. This activation function is nothing but it provides a function is nothing but it provides a function is nothing but it provides a threshold value. So above that value my threshold value. So above that value my threshold value. So above that value my neuron will fire else it won't fire. So neuron will fire else it won't fire. So neuron will fire else it won't fire. So this is basically an artificial neuron. this is basically an artificial neuron. this is basically an artificial neuron. So when I talk about a neural network it So when I talk about a neural network it So when I talk about a neural network it involves a lot of these artificial involves a lot of these artificial involves a lot of these artificial neurons with their own activation neurons with their own activation neurons with their own activation function and their processing element. function and their processing element. function and their processing element. Now we'll move forward and we'll Now we'll move forward and we'll Now we'll move forward and we'll actually understand various modes of actually understand various modes of actually understand various modes of this perceptron or single artificial this perceptron or single artificial this perceptron or single artificial neuron. So there are two modes in a neuron. So there are two modes in a neuron. So there are two modes in a perceptron. One is training, another is perceptron. One is training, another is perceptron. One is training, another is using mode. In training mode, the neuron using mode. In training mode, the neuron using mode. In training mode, the neuron can be trained to fire for a particular can be trained to fire for a particular can be trained to fire for a particular input patterns. Which means that we'll input patterns. Which means that we'll input patterns. Which means that we'll actually train our neuron to fire on actually train our neuron to fire on actually train our neuron to fire on certain set of inputs and to not fire on certain set of inputs and to not fire on certain set of inputs and to not fire on the other set of inputs. That's what the other set of inputs. That's what the other set of inputs. That's what basically training mode is. When I talk basically training mode is. When I talk basically training mode is. When I talk about using mode, it means that when a about using mode, it means that when a about using mode, it means that when a tort input pattern is detected at the tort input pattern is detected at the tort input pattern is detected at the input, its associated output becomes the input, its associated output becomes the input, its associated output becomes the current output. Which means that once current output. Which means that once current output. Which means that once the training is done and we provide an the training is done and we provide an the training is done and we provide an input on which the neuron has been input on which the neuron has been input on which the neuron has been trained on. So it'll detect the input trained on. So it'll detect the input trained on. So it'll detect the input and will provide the associated output. and will provide the associated output. and will provide the associated output. So that's what basically using mode is. So that's what basically using mode is. So that's what basically using mode is. So first you need to train it then only So first you need to train it then only So first you need to train it then only you can use your perceptron or your uh you can use your perceptron or your uh you can use your perceptron or your uh network. So these were the two modes network. So these were the two modes network. So these were the two modes guys. Next up we'll understand what are guys. Next up we'll understand what are guys. Next up we'll understand what are the various activation functions the various activation functions the various activation functions available. So these are the three available. So these are the three available. So these are the three activation functions although there are activation functions although there are activation functions although there are many more but I've listed down three many more but I've listed down three many more but I've listed down three step function. So over here the moment step function. So over here the moment step function. So over here the moment your input is greater than this your input is greater than this your input is greater than this particular value your neuron will fire particular value your neuron will fire particular value your neuron will fire else it won't. Similarly for sigmoid and else it won't. Similarly for sigmoid and else it won't. Similarly for sigmoid and sign function as well. So these are sign function as well. So these are sign function as well. So these are three activation functions. There are three activation functions. There are three activation functions. There are many more that I've told you earlier as many more that I've told you earlier as many more that I've told you earlier as well. So these are the three majorly well. So these are the three majorly well. So these are the three majorly used activation functions. Next up what used activation functions. Next up what used activation functions. Next up what we are going to do we are going to we are going to do we are going to we are going to do we are going to understand how a neuron learns from its understand how a neuron learns from its understand how a neuron learns from its experience. So I'll give you a very good experience. So I'll give you a very good experience. So I'll give you a very good analogy in order to understand that and analogy in order to understand that and analogy in order to understand that and later on when we talk about a neural later on when we talk about a neural later on when we talk about a neural networks or you can say multiple neurons networks or you can say multiple neurons networks or you can say multiple neurons in a network I'll explain you the math in a network I'll explain you the math in a network I'll explain you the math behind it. I'll explain you the math behind it. I'll explain you the math behind it. I'll explain you the math behind learning how it actually happens. behind learning how it actually happens. behind learning how it actually happens. So right now I'll explain you with an So right now I'll explain you with an So right now I'll explain you with an analogy and guys trust me that analogy analogy and guys trust me that analogy analogy and guys trust me that analogy is pretty interesting. So I know all of is pretty interesting. So I know all of is pretty interesting. So I know all of you must have guessed it. So these are you must have guessed it. So these are you must have guessed it. So these are two beer monks and all of you who love two beer monks and all of you who love two beer monks and all of you who love beer can actually relate to this analogy beer can actually relate to this analogy beer can actually relate to this analogy a lot. And I know most of you actually a lot. And I know most of you actually a lot. And I know most of you actually love beer. So that's why I've chosen love beer. So that's why I've chosen love beer. So that's why I've chosen this particular analogy so that all of this particular analogy so that all of this particular analogy so that all of you can relate to it. All right, jokes you can relate to it. All right, jokes you can relate to it. All right, jokes apart. So fine guys, so there's a beer apart. So fine guys, so there's a beer apart. So fine guys, so there's a beer festival happening near your house and festival happening near your house and festival happening near your house and you want to badly go there. But your you want to badly go there. But your you want to badly go there. But your decision actually depends on three decision actually depends on three decision actually depends on three factors. First is how is the weather, factors. First is how is the weather, factors. First is how is the weather, whether it is good or bad. Second is whether it is good or bad. Second is whether it is good or bad. Second is your wife or husband is going with you your wife or husband is going with you your wife or husband is going with you or not. And the third one is any public or not. And the third one is any public or not. And the third one is any public transport is available. So on these transport is available. So on these transport is available. So on these three factors, your decision will depend three factors, your decision will depend three factors, your decision will depend whether you will go or not. So we'll whether you will go or not. So we'll whether you will go or not. So we'll consider these three factors as inputs consider these three factors as inputs consider these three factors as inputs to our perceptron and we'll consider our to our perceptron and we'll consider our to our perceptron and we'll consider our decision of going or not going to the decision of going or not going to the decision of going or not going to the beer festival as our output. So let us beer festival as our output. So let us beer festival as our output. So let us move forward with that. So the first move forward with that. So the first move forward with that. So the first input is how is the weather? We'll input is how is the weather? We'll input is how is the weather? We'll consider it as x1. So when weather is consider it as x1. So when weather is consider it as x1. So when weather is good it'll be one and when it is bad good it'll be one and when it is bad good it'll be one and when it is bad it'll be zero. Similarly your wife is it'll be zero. Similarly your wife is it'll be zero. Similarly your wife is going with you or not. So that be your going with you or not. So that be your going with you or not. So that be your x2. If she is going then it's one. If x2. If she is going then it's one. If x2. If she is going then it's one. If she's not going then it's zero. she's not going then it's zero. she's not going then it's zero. Similarly for public transport if it is Similarly for public transport if it is Similarly for public transport if it is available then it is one. Else it is available then it is one. Else it is available then it is one. Else it is zero. So these are the three inputs that zero. So these are the three inputs that zero. So these are the three inputs that I'm talking about. Let's see the output. I'm talking about. Let's see the output. I'm talking about. Let's see the output. So output will be one when you're going So output will be one when you're going So output will be one when you're going to the beer festival and output will be to the beer festival and output will be to the beer festival and output will be zero when you want to relax at home. You zero when you want to relax at home. You zero when you want to relax at home. You want to have beer at home only. You want to have beer at home only. You want to have beer at home only. You don't want to go outside. So these are don't want to go outside. So these are don't want to go outside. So these are the two outputs whether you are going or the two outputs whether you are going or the two outputs whether you are going or you're not going. Now what a human brain you're not going. Now what a human brain you're not going. Now what a human brain does over here. Okay fine I need to go does over here. Okay fine I need to go does over here. Okay fine I need to go to the beer festival. But there are to the beer festival. But there are to the beer festival. But there are three things that I need to consider. three things that I need to consider. three things that I need to consider. But will I give importance to all these But will I give importance to all these But will I give importance to all these factors equally? Definitely not. factors equally? Definitely not. factors equally? Definitely not. there'll be certain factors which will there'll be certain factors which will there'll be certain factors which will be of higher priority for me. I'll focus be of higher priority for me. I'll focus be of higher priority for me. I'll focus on those factors more whereas few on those factors more whereas few on those factors more whereas few factors won't affect that much to me. factors won't affect that much to me. factors won't affect that much to me. All right. So let's prioritize our All right. So let's prioritize our All right. So let's prioritize our inputs or factors. So here our most inputs or factors. So here our most inputs or factors. So here our most important factor is weather. So if important factor is weather. So if important factor is weather. So if weather is good, I love beer so much weather is good, I love beer so much weather is good, I love beer so much that I don't care even if my wife is that I don't care even if my wife is that I don't care even if my wife is going with me or not or if there is a going with me or not or if there is a going with me or not or if there is a public transport available. So I love public transport available. So I love public transport available. So I love beer that much that if weather is good beer that much that if weather is good beer that much that if weather is good that definitely I'm going there. That that definitely I'm going there. That that definitely I'm going there. That means when x1 is high output will be means when x1 is high output will be means when x1 is high output will be definitely high. So how we do that how definitely high. So how we do that how definitely high. So how we do that how we actually prioritize our factors or we actually prioritize our factors or we actually prioritize our factors or how we actually give importance more to how we actually give importance more to how we actually give importance more to a particular input and less to another a particular input and less to another a particular input and less to another input in a perceptron or in a neuron. So input in a perceptron or in a neuron. So input in a perceptron or in a neuron. So we do that by using weights. So we we do that by using weights. So we we do that by using weights. So we assign high weights to the more assign high weights to the more assign high weights to the more important factors or more important important factors or more important important factors or more important inputs and we assign low weights to inputs and we assign low weights to inputs and we assign low weights to those particular inputs which are not those particular inputs which are not those particular inputs which are not that important for us. So let's assign that important for us. So let's assign that important for us. So let's assign weights guys. So weight w is associated weights guys. So weight w is associated weights guys. So weight w is associated with input x1, w2 with x2 and similarly with input x1, w2 with x2 and similarly with input x1, w2 with x2 and similarly w3 with x3. Now as I've told you earlier w3 with x3. Now as I've told you earlier w3 with x3. Now as I've told you earlier as well that weather is a very important as well that weather is a very important as well that weather is a very important factor. So I'll assign a pretty high factor. So I'll assign a pretty high factor. So I'll assign a pretty high weight to weather and I'll keep it as weight to weather and I'll keep it as weight to weather and I'll keep it as six. Similarly W2 and W3 are not that six. Similarly W2 and W3 are not that six. Similarly W2 and W3 are not that important. So I'll keep it as 22. After important. So I'll keep it as 22. After important. So I'll keep it as 22. After that I've defined a threshold value as that I've defined a threshold value as that I've defined a threshold value as five which means that when the weighted five which means that when the weighted five which means that when the weighted sum of my input is greater than five sum of my input is greater than five sum of my input is greater than five then only my neuron will fire or you can then only my neuron will fire or you can then only my neuron will fire or you can say then only I'll be going to the BF say then only I'll be going to the BF say then only I'll be going to the BF festival. All right. So I'll use my pen festival. All right. So I'll use my pen festival. All right. So I'll use my pen and we'll see what happens when weather and we'll see what happens when weather and we'll see what happens when weather is good. So when weather is good our x1 is good. So when weather is good our x1 is good. So when weather is good our x1 is one. Our weight is six. We'll is one. Our weight is six. We'll is one. Our weight is six. We'll multiply it with six. Then multiply it with six. Then multiply it with six. Then if my wife decides that she is going to if my wife decides that she is going to if my wife decides that she is going to stay at home and she will probably be stay at home and she will probably be stay at home and she will probably be busy with cooking and she doesn't want busy with cooking and she doesn't want busy with cooking and she doesn't want to drink beer with me, so she's not to drink beer with me, so she's not to drink beer with me, so she's not coming. So that input becomes zero. 0 coming. So that input becomes zero. 0 coming. So that input becomes zero. 0 into 2 will actually make no difference into 2 will actually make no difference into 2 will actually make no difference because it'll be zero only. Then again because it'll be zero only. Then again because it'll be zero only. Then again there is no public transport available there is no public transport available there is no public transport available also. Then also this will be 0 into 2. also. Then also this will be 0 into 2. also. Then also this will be 0 into 2. So what output I get here? I get here as So what output I get here? I get here as So what output I get here? I get here as six six six and notice the threshold value it is and notice the threshold value it is and notice the threshold value it is five. So definitely six is greater than five. So definitely six is greater than five. So definitely six is greater than five five five that means my output that means my output that means my output will be one or you can say my neuron will be one or you can say my neuron will be one or you can say my neuron will fire or I'll actually go to the will fire or I'll actually go to the will fire or I'll actually go to the beer festival. So even if these two beer festival. So even if these two beer festival. So even if these two inputs are zero for me that means my inputs are zero for me that means my inputs are zero for me that means my wife is not willing to go with me and wife is not willing to go with me and wife is not willing to go with me and there is no public transport available there is no public transport available there is no public transport available but weather is good which has very high but weather is good which has very high but weather is good which has very high weight value and it actually matters a weight value and it actually matters a weight value and it actually matters a lot to me. So if that is high, it lot to me. So if that is high, it lot to me. So if that is high, it doesn't really matter whether the two doesn't really matter whether the two doesn't really matter whether the two inputs are high or not. I will inputs are high or not. I will inputs are high or not. I will definitely go to the BF festival. All definitely go to the BF festival. All definitely go to the BF festival. All right. Now I'll explain you a different right. Now I'll explain you a different right. Now I'll explain you a different scenario. So over here our threshold was scenario. So over here our threshold was scenario. So over here our threshold was five. But what if I change this five. But what if I change this five. But what if I change this threshold to three. So in that scenario, threshold to three. So in that scenario, threshold to three. So in that scenario, even if my weather is not good, uh I'll even if my weather is not good, uh I'll even if my weather is not good, uh I'll give it the zero. So 0 into 6. But my give it the zero. So 0 into 6. But my give it the zero. So 0 into 6. But my wife and public transport both are wife and public transport both are wife and public transport both are available. All right. So 1 into 2 + available. All right. So 1 into 2 + available. All right. So 1 into 2 + 1 into 2 1 into 2 1 into 2 which is equal to 4 which is equal to 4 which is equal to 4 and it is definitely greater than three. and it is definitely greater than three. and it is definitely greater than three. Then also my output will be one that Then also my output will be one that Then also my output will be one that means I will definitely go to the beer means I will definitely go to the beer means I will definitely go to the beer festival even if weather is bad and my festival even if weather is bad and my festival even if weather is bad and my neuron will fire. So these are the two neuron will fire. So these are the two neuron will fire. So these are the two scenarios that I have discussed with scenarios that I have discussed with scenarios that I have discussed with you. All right. So there can be many you. All right. So there can be many you. All right. So there can be many other ways in which you can actually other ways in which you can actually other ways in which you can actually assign weight to your uh problem or to assign weight to your uh problem or to assign weight to your uh problem or to your learning algorithm. So these are your learning algorithm. So these are your learning algorithm. So these are the two ways in which you can assign the two ways in which you can assign the two ways in which you can assign weights and prioritize your inputs or weights and prioritize your inputs or weights and prioritize your inputs or factors on which your output will factors on which your output will factors on which your output will depend. So obviously in real life all depend. So obviously in real life all depend. So obviously in real life all the inputs or all the factors are not as the inputs or all the factors are not as the inputs or all the factors are not as important for you. So you actually important for you. So you actually important for you. So you actually prioritize them and how you do that in prioritize them and how you do that in prioritize them and how you do that in perceptron you provide high weight to perceptron you provide high weight to perceptron you provide high weight to it. This is just an analogy so that you it. This is just an analogy so that you it. This is just an analogy so that you can relate to a perceptron to a real can relate to a perceptron to a real can relate to a perceptron to a real life. We'll actually discuss the maths life. We'll actually discuss the maths life. We'll actually discuss the maths behind it later in the session as to how behind it later in the session as to how behind it later in the session as to how a network or a neuron learns. All right? a network or a neuron learns. All right? a network or a neuron learns. All right? So how the weights are actually updated So how the weights are actually updated So how the weights are actually updated and how the output is changing that all and how the output is changing that all and how the output is changing that all those things we'll be discussing later those things we'll be discussing later those things we'll be discussing later in the session. But my aim is to make in the session. But my aim is to make in the session. But my aim is to make you understand that you can actually you understand that you can actually you understand that you can actually relate to a real life problem with that relate to a real life problem with that relate to a real life problem with that of a perceptron. All right? And in real of a perceptron. All right? And in real of a perceptron. All right? And in real life problems are not that easy. They life problems are not that easy. They life problems are not that easy. They are very very complex problems that we are very very complex problems that we are very very complex problems that we actually face. So in order to solve actually face. So in order to solve actually face. So in order to solve those problems a single neuron is those problems a single neuron is those problems a single neuron is definitely not enough. So we need definitely not enough. So we need definitely not enough. So we need networks of neuron and that's where networks of neuron and that's where networks of neuron and that's where artificial neural network or you can say artificial neural network or you can say artificial neural network or you can say multi-layer perceptron comes into the multi-layer perceptron comes into the multi-layer perceptron comes into the picture. Now let us discuss that picture. Now let us discuss that picture. Now let us discuss that multi-layer perceptron or artificial multi-layer perceptron or artificial multi-layer perceptron or artificial neural network. So this is how an neural network. So this is how an neural network. So this is how an artificial neural network actually looks artificial neural network actually looks artificial neural network actually looks like. So over here we have multiple like. So over here we have multiple like. So over here we have multiple neurons in present in different layers. neurons in present in different layers. neurons in present in different layers. The first layer is always your input The first layer is always your input The first layer is always your input layer. This is where you actually feed layer. This is where you actually feed layer. This is where you actually feed in all of your inputs. Then we have the in all of your inputs. Then we have the in all of your inputs. Then we have the first hidden layer. Then we have second first hidden layer. Then we have second first hidden layer. Then we have second hidden layer and then we have the output hidden layer and then we have the output hidden layer and then we have the output layer. Although the number of hidden layer. Although the number of hidden layer. Although the number of hidden layers depend on your application on layers depend on your application on layers depend on your application on what are you working what is your what are you working what is your what are you working what is your problem. So that actually determines how problem. So that actually determines how problem. So that actually determines how many hidden layers you'll have. So let many hidden layers you'll have. So let many hidden layers you'll have. So let me explain you what is actually me explain you what is actually me explain you what is actually happening here. So you provide in some happening here. So you provide in some happening here. So you provide in some input to the first layer which is input to the first layer which is input to the first layer which is nothing but your input layer. You nothing but your input layer. You nothing but your input layer. You provide inputs to these neurons. All provide inputs to these neurons. All provide inputs to these neurons. All right? And after some function the right? And after some function the right? And after some function the output of these neurons will become the output of these neurons will become the output of these neurons will become the input to the next layer which is nothing input to the next layer which is nothing input to the next layer which is nothing but your hidden layer one. Then these but your hidden layer one. Then these but your hidden layer one. Then these hidden layers also have various neurons. hidden layers also have various neurons. hidden layers also have various neurons. These neurons will have different These neurons will have different These neurons will have different activation functions. So they'll perform activation functions. So they'll perform activation functions. So they'll perform their own function on the inputs that it their own function on the inputs that it their own function on the inputs that it receives from the previous layer. And receives from the previous layer. And receives from the previous layer. And then the output of this layer will be then the output of this layer will be then the output of this layer will be the input to the next hidden layer which the input to the next hidden layer which the input to the next hidden layer which is hidden layer 2. Similarly the output is hidden layer 2. Similarly the output is hidden layer 2. Similarly the output of this hidden layer will be the input of this hidden layer will be the input of this hidden layer will be the input to the output layer. And finally we get to the output layer. And finally we get to the output layer. And finally we get the output. So this is how basically an the output. So this is how basically an the output. So this is how basically an artificial neural network looks like. artificial neural network looks like. artificial neural network looks like. Now let me explain you this with an Now let me explain you this with an Now let me explain you this with an example. So over here I'll take an example. So over here I'll take an example. So over here I'll take an example of image recognition using example of image recognition using example of image recognition using neural networks. So over here what neural networks. So over here what neural networks. So over here what happens? We feed in a lot of images to happens? We feed in a lot of images to happens? We feed in a lot of images to our input layer. Now this input layer our input layer. Now this input layer our input layer. Now this input layer will actually detect the patterns of will actually detect the patterns of will actually detect the patterns of local contrast and then we'll feed that local contrast and then we'll feed that local contrast and then we'll feed that to the next layer which is hidden layer to the next layer which is hidden layer to the next layer which is hidden layer 1. So in this hidden layer one the face 1. So in this hidden layer one the face 1. So in this hidden layer one the face features will be recognized. We'll features will be recognized. We'll features will be recognized. We'll recognize eyes, nose, ears, things like recognize eyes, nose, ears, things like recognize eyes, nose, ears, things like that. And then that will be again fed as that. And then that will be again fed as that. And then that will be again fed as input to the next hidden layer. And in input to the next hidden layer. And in input to the next hidden layer. And in this hidden layer we'll assemble those this hidden layer we'll assemble those this hidden layer we'll assemble those features and we'll try to make a face features and we'll try to make a face features and we'll try to make a face and then we'll get the output that is and then we'll get the output that is and then we'll get the output that is the face will be recognized properly. So the face will be recognized properly. So the face will be recognized properly. So if you notice here with every layer we if you notice here with every layer we if you notice here with every layer we are trying to get a more abstract are trying to get a more abstract are trying to get a more abstract version or the generalized version of version or the generalized version of version or the generalized version of the input. So this is how basically an the input. So this is how basically an the input. So this is how basically an artificial neural network how it works. artificial neural network how it works. artificial neural network how it works. All right and there's a lot of training All right and there's a lot of training All right and there's a lot of training and learning which is involved that I'll and learning which is involved that I'll and learning which is involved that I'll show you now training a neural network. show you now training a neural network. show you now training a neural network. So how we actually train a neural So how we actually train a neural So how we actually train a neural network. So basically the most common network. So basically the most common network. So basically the most common algorithm for training a network is algorithm for training a network is algorithm for training a network is called back propagation. So what happens called back propagation. So what happens called back propagation. So what happens in back propagation after the weighted in back propagation after the weighted in back propagation after the weighted sum of inputs and passing through an sum of inputs and passing through an sum of inputs and passing through an activation function and getting the activation function and getting the activation function and getting the output we compare that output to the output we compare that output to the output we compare that output to the actual output that we already know. We actual output that we already know. We actual output that we already know. We figure out how much is the difference. figure out how much is the difference. figure out how much is the difference. We calculate the error and based on that We calculate the error and based on that We calculate the error and based on that error what we do we propagate backwards error what we do we propagate backwards error what we do we propagate backwards and we'll see what happens when we and we'll see what happens when we and we'll see what happens when we change the weight. Will the error change the weight. Will the error change the weight. Will the error decrease or will it increase? And if it decrease or will it increase? And if it decrease or will it increase? And if it increases when it increases by increases when it increases by increases when it increases by increasing the value of the variables or increasing the value of the variables or increasing the value of the variables or by decreasing the value of variables. So by decreasing the value of variables. So by decreasing the value of variables. So we kind of calculate all those things we kind of calculate all those things we kind of calculate all those things and we update our variables in such a and we update our variables in such a and we update our variables in such a way that our error becomes minimum and way that our error becomes minimum and way that our error becomes minimum and it takes a lot of iterations. Trust me it takes a lot of iterations. Trust me it takes a lot of iterations. Trust me guys, it takes a lot of iterations. We guys, it takes a lot of iterations. We guys, it takes a lot of iterations. We get output a lot of times and then we get output a lot of times and then we get output a lot of times and then we compare it with the model with the compare it with the model with the compare it with the model with the actual output. Then again we propagate actual output. Then again we propagate actual output. Then again we propagate backwards. We change the variables. Then backwards. We change the variables. Then backwards. We change the variables. Then again we calculate the output. We again we calculate the output. We again we calculate the output. We compare it again with the desired output compare it again with the desired output compare it again with the desired output of the actual output. Then again we of the actual output. Then again we of the actual output. Then again we propagate backwards. So this process propagate backwards. So this process propagate backwards. So this process keeps on repeating until we get the keeps on repeating until we get the keeps on repeating until we get the minimum value. All right. So there's an minimum value. All right. So there's an minimum value. All right. So there's an example that is there in front of your example that is there in front of your example that is there in front of your screen. Don't be scared of the terms screen. Don't be scared of the terms screen. Don't be scared of the terms that I used. I'll actually explain you that I used. I'll actually explain you that I used. I'll actually explain you with an example. So this is the example with an example. So this is the example with an example. So this is the example over here. We have 0 1 and two as over here. We have 0 1 and two as over here. We have 0 1 and two as inputs. And our desired output or the inputs. And our desired output or the inputs. And our desired output or the output that we already know is 0 1 and output that we already know is 0 1 and output that we already know is 0 1 and four. All right. So over here we can four. All right. So over here we can four. All right. So over here we can actually figure out that desired output actually figure out that desired output actually figure out that desired output is nothing but twice of your input. But is nothing but twice of your input. But is nothing but twice of your input. But I'm training a computer to do that. I'm training a computer to do that. I'm training a computer to do that. Right? The computer is not a human. So Right? The computer is not a human. So Right? The computer is not a human. So what happens? I actually initialize my what happens? I actually initialize my what happens? I actually initialize my weight. I keep the value as three. So weight. I keep the value as three. So weight. I keep the value as three. So the model output will be 3 into 0 is 0. the model output will be 3 into 0 is 0. the model output will be 3 into 0 is 0. 3 into 1 is 3. 3 into 2 is 6. Now 3 into 1 is 3. 3 into 2 is 6. Now 3 into 1 is 3. 3 into 2 is 6. Now obviously it is not equal to your obviously it is not equal to your obviously it is not equal to your desired output. So we check the error. desired output. So we check the error. desired output. So we check the error. Now the error that we have got here is 0 Now the error that we have got here is 0 Now the error that we have got here is 0 1 and 2 which is nothing but your 1 and 2 which is nothing but your 1 and 2 which is nothing but your difference. So 0 - 0 is 0. 3 - 2 is 1. 6 difference. So 0 - 0 is 0. 3 - 2 is 1. 6 difference. So 0 - 0 is 0. 3 - 2 is 1. 6 - 4 is 2. Now this is called an absolute - 4 is 2. Now this is called an absolute - 4 is 2. Now this is called an absolute error. After squaring this error, we get error. After squaring this error, we get error. After squaring this error, we get square error which is nothing but 0 1 square error which is nothing but 0 1 square error which is nothing but 0 1 and 4. All right. So now what we need to and 4. All right. So now what we need to and 4. All right. So now what we need to do? We need to update the variables. We do? We need to update the variables. We do? We need to update the variables. We have seen that the output that we got is have seen that the output that we got is have seen that the output that we got is actually different from the desired actually different from the desired actually different from the desired output. So we need to update the value output. So we need to update the value output. So we need to update the value of the weight. So instead of three, our of the weight. So instead of three, our of the weight. So instead of three, our computer makes it as four. After making computer makes it as four. After making computer makes it as four. After making the value as four, we get the model the value as four, we get the model the value as four, we get the model output as 0 4 and 8. And then we saw output as 0 4 and 8. And then we saw output as 0 4 and 8. And then we saw that the error has actually increased. that the error has actually increased. that the error has actually increased. Instead of decreasing, the error has Instead of decreasing, the error has Instead of decreasing, the error has increased. So after updating the increased. So after updating the increased. So after updating the variable, the error has increased. So variable, the error has increased. So variable, the error has increased. So you can see that square error is now 0 4 you can see that square error is now 0 4 you can see that square error is now 0 4 and 16. And earlier it was 0 1 and 4. and 16. And earlier it was 0 1 and 4. and 16. And earlier it was 0 1 and 4. That means we cannot increase the weight That means we cannot increase the weight That means we cannot increase the weight value right now. But if we decrease that value right now. But if we decrease that value right now. But if we decrease that make it as two, we get the output which make it as two, we get the output which make it as two, we get the output which is actually equal to desired out. But is is actually equal to desired out. But is is actually equal to desired out. But is it always the case that we need to only it always the case that we need to only it always the case that we need to only decrease the weight? Definitely not. So decrease the weight? Definitely not. So decrease the weight? Definitely not. So in this particular scenario, whenever in this particular scenario, whenever in this particular scenario, whenever I'm increasing the weight, error is I'm increasing the weight, error is I'm increasing the weight, error is increasing and when I'm decreasing the increasing and when I'm decreasing the increasing and when I'm decreasing the weight, error is decreasing. But as I've weight, error is decreasing. But as I've weight, error is decreasing. But as I've told you earlier as well, this is not told you earlier as well, this is not told you earlier as well, this is not the case every time. Sometimes you need the case every time. Sometimes you need the case every time. Sometimes you need to increase the weight as well. So how to increase the weight as well. So how to increase the weight as well. So how we determine that? All right, fine guys. we determine that? All right, fine guys. we determine that? All right, fine guys. This is how basically a computer decide This is how basically a computer decide This is how basically a computer decide whether it has to increase a weight or whether it has to increase a weight or whether it has to increase a weight or decrease away. So what happens here? decrease away. So what happens here? decrease away. So what happens here? This is a graph of square error versus This is a graph of square error versus This is a graph of square error versus weight. So over here what happens? weight. So over here what happens? weight. So over here what happens? Suppose your square error is somewhere Suppose your square error is somewhere Suppose your square error is somewhere here and your computer it starts here and your computer it starts here and your computer it starts increasing the weight in order to reduce increasing the weight in order to reduce increasing the weight in order to reduce the square error and it notices that the square error and it notices that the square error and it notices that whenever it increases the weight square whenever it increases the weight square whenever it increases the weight square error is actually decreasing. So it'll error is actually decreasing. So it'll error is actually decreasing. So it'll keep on increasing until the square keep on increasing until the square keep on increasing until the square error reaches a minimum value and after error reaches a minimum value and after error reaches a minimum value and after that when it tries to still increase the that when it tries to still increase the that when it tries to still increase the weight the square error will increase. weight the square error will increase. weight the square error will increase. So at that time our network will So at that time our network will So at that time our network will recognize that whenever it is increasing recognize that whenever it is increasing recognize that whenever it is increasing the weight after this point error is the weight after this point error is the weight after this point error is increasing. So therefore it will stop increasing. So therefore it will stop increasing. So therefore it will stop right there and that will be our weight right there and that will be our weight right there and that will be our weight value. Similarly there can be one more value. Similarly there can be one more value. Similarly there can be one more scenario. Suppose if we increase the scenario. Suppose if we increase the scenario. Suppose if we increase the weight but then also the square error is weight but then also the square error is weight but then also the square error is increasing. So at that time we cannot increasing. So at that time we cannot increasing. So at that time we cannot increase the weight. At that time increase the weight. At that time increase the weight. At that time computer will realize okay fine whenever computer will realize okay fine whenever computer will realize okay fine whenever I'm increasing the weight the square I'm increasing the weight the square I'm increasing the weight the square error is increasing. So it'll go in the error is increasing. So it'll go in the error is increasing. So it'll go in the opposite direction. So it'll start opposite direction. So it'll start opposite direction. So it'll start decreasing the weight and it'll keep on decreasing the weight and it'll keep on decreasing the weight and it'll keep on doing that until the square error doing that until the square error doing that until the square error becomes minimum. And the moment it becomes minimum. And the moment it becomes minimum. And the moment it decreases more the square again decreases more the square again decreases more the square again increases. So our network will know that increases. So our network will know that increases. So our network will know that whenever it decreases the weight value whenever it decreases the weight value whenever it decreases the weight value the square error is increasing. So that the square error is increasing. So that the square error is increasing. So that point will be our final weight value. So point will be our final weight value. So point will be our final weight value. So guys this is what basically back guys this is what basically back guys this is what basically back propagation in a nutshell is fine. So propagation in a nutshell is fine. So propagation in a nutshell is fine. So we'll move forward and now is the we'll move forward and now is the we'll move forward and now is the correct time to understand how to correct time to understand how to correct time to understand how to implement the use case that I was implement the use case that I was implement the use case that I was talking about in the beginning that is talking about in the beginning that is talking about in the beginning that is how to determine whether a node is fake how to determine whether a node is fake how to determine whether a node is fake or real. So for that I'll open my or real. So for that I'll open my or real. So for that I'll open my PyCharm. This is my PyCharm again guys. PyCharm. This is my PyCharm again guys. PyCharm. This is my PyCharm again guys. Uh let me just close this. All right. So Uh let me just close this. All right. So Uh let me just close this. All right. So this is the code that I've written in this is the code that I've written in this is the code that I've written in order to implement the use case. So over order to implement the use case. So over order to implement the use case. So over here what we do we import the first here what we do we import the first here what we do we import the first important libraries which are required. important libraries which are required. important libraries which are required. Mattplot lab is used for visualization. Mattplot lab is used for visualization. Mattplot lab is used for visualization. TensorFlow we know in order to implement TensorFlow we know in order to implement TensorFlow we know in order to implement the neural networks. Numpy for arrays the neural networks. Numpy for arrays the neural networks. Numpy for arrays pandas for reading the data set. pandas for reading the data set. pandas for reading the data set. Similarly sklearn for label encoding as Similarly sklearn for label encoding as Similarly sklearn for label encoding as well as for shuffing and also to split well as for shuffing and also to split well as for shuffing and also to split the data set into training and testing the data set into training and testing the data set into training and testing task. All right fine guys. So we'll task. All right fine guys. So we'll task. All right fine guys. So we'll begin by first reading the data set as begin by first reading the data set as begin by first reading the data set as I've told you earlier as well when I was I've told you earlier as well when I was I've told you earlier as well when I was explaining the steps. So what I'll do explaining the steps. So what I'll do explaining the steps. So what I'll do I'll use pandas in order to read the CSV I'll use pandas in order to read the CSV I'll use pandas in order to read the CSV file which has the data set. After that file which has the data set. After that file which has the data set. After that I'll define features and labels. So x I'll define features and labels. So x I'll define features and labels. So x will be my feature and y will contain my will be my feature and y will contain my will be my feature and y will contain my label. So basically x includes all the label. So basically x includes all the label. So basically x includes all the columns apart from the last column which columns apart from the last column which columns apart from the last column which is the fifth one. And because the is the fifth one. And because the is the fifth one. And because the indexing starts from zero that's why we indexing starts from zero that's why we indexing starts from zero that's why we have written 0 till fourth. So it won't have written 0 till fourth. So it won't have written 0 till fourth. So it won't include the fourth column. All right. include the fourth column. All right. include the fourth column. All right. And so our last column will actually be And so our last column will actually be And so our last column will actually be our label. Then what we need to do, we our label. Then what we need to do, we our label. Then what we need to do, we need to encode the dependent variable. need to encode the dependent variable. need to encode the dependent variable. So the dependent variable as I've told So the dependent variable as I've told So the dependent variable as I've told you earlier as well is nothing but your you earlier as well is nothing but your you earlier as well is nothing but your label. So I've discussed encoding in label. So I've discussed encoding in label. So I've discussed encoding in TensorFlow tutorial. You can go through TensorFlow tutorial. You can go through TensorFlow tutorial. You can go through it and you can actually get to know why it and you can actually get to know why it and you can actually get to know why and how we do that. Then what we have and how we do that. Then what we have and how we do that. Then what we have done, we have read the data set. Then done, we have read the data set. Then done, we have read the data set. Then what we need to do is to split our data what we need to do is to split our data what we need to do is to split our data set into training and testing. And these set into training and testing. And these set into training and testing. And these are all optional steps. You can print are all optional steps. You can print are all optional steps. You can print the shape of your training and test the shape of your training and test the shape of your training and test data. If you don't want to do it, you're data. If you don't want to do it, you're data. If you don't want to do it, you're still fine. Then we have defined still fine. Then we have defined still fine. Then we have defined learning rate. So learning rate is learning rate. So learning rate is learning rate. So learning rate is actually the steps in which the weights actually the steps in which the weights actually the steps in which the weights will be updated. All right. So that is will be updated. All right. So that is will be updated. All right. So that is what basically learning rate is. Then what basically learning rate is. Then what basically learning rate is. Then when we talk about epoch means when we talk about epoch means when we talk about epoch means iterations. Then we have defined cost iterations. Then we have defined cost iterations. Then we have defined cost history that will be an empty numpy history that will be an empty numpy history that will be an empty numpy array and it shape will be one and it'll array and it shape will be one and it'll array and it shape will be one and it'll include the flow type objects. Then we include the flow type objects. Then we include the flow type objects. Then we have defined end which is nothing but have defined end which is nothing but have defined end which is nothing but your x shape of axis one which means your x shape of axis one which means your x shape of axis one which means your column. Then we'll print that. your column. Then we'll print that. your column. Then we'll print that. After that we have defined the number of After that we have defined the number of After that we have defined the number of classes. So there can be only two class classes. So there can be only two class classes. So there can be only two class whether the node can be fake or it can whether the node can be fake or it can whether the node can be fake or it can be real and this model path I've given be real and this model path I've given be real and this model path I've given in order to save my model. So I've just in order to save my model. So I've just in order to save my model. So I've just given a path where I need to save it. So given a path where I need to save it. So given a path where I need to save it. So I'll just save it here only in the I'll just save it here only in the I'll just save it here only in the current working directory. Now is a time current working directory. Now is a time current working directory. Now is a time to actually define our neural network. to actually define our neural network. to actually define our neural network. So we'll first make sure that we have So we'll first make sure that we have So we'll first make sure that we have defined the important parameters like defined the important parameters like defined the important parameters like hidden layers number of neurons in hidden layers number of neurons in hidden layers number of neurons in hidden layers. So I'll take 10 neurons hidden layers. So I'll take 10 neurons hidden layers. So I'll take 10 neurons in every hidden layer and I'm taking in every hidden layer and I'm taking in every hidden layer and I'm taking four layers like that. Then x will be my four layers like that. Then x will be my four layers like that. Then x will be my placeholder and the shape of this placeholder and the shape of this placeholder and the shape of this particular placeholder is none, n dim. N particular placeholder is none, n dim. N particular placeholder is none, n dim. N dim value. I'll get it from here and dim value. I'll get it from here and dim value. I'll get it from here and none can be any value. I'll define one none can be any value. I'll define one none can be any value. I'll define one variable w and I'll initialize it with variable w and I'll initialize it with variable w and I'll initialize it with zeros and this will be the shape of my zeros and this will be the shape of my zeros and this will be the shape of my weight. Similarly for bias as well, this weight. Similarly for bias as well, this weight. Similarly for bias as well, this will be the particular shape and there will be the particular shape and there will be the particular shape and there will be one more placeholder ydash which will be one more placeholder ydash which will be one more placeholder ydash which will actually be used in order to will actually be used in order to will actually be used in order to provide us with the actual output of the provide us with the actual output of the provide us with the actual output of the model. There'll be one model output and model. There'll be one model output and model. There'll be one model output and there'll be one actual output which we there'll be one actual output which we there'll be one actual output which we use in order to calculate the use in order to calculate the use in order to calculate the difference. Right? So we'll feed in the difference. Right? So we'll feed in the difference. Right? So we'll feed in the actual values of the labels in this actual values of the labels in this actual values of the labels in this particular placeholder ydash. And now particular placeholder ydash. And now particular placeholder ydash. And now we'll define the model. So over here we we'll define the model. So over here we we'll define the model. So over here we have named the function as multi-layer have named the function as multi-layer have named the function as multi-layer perceptron. And in it we'll first define perceptron. And in it we'll first define perceptron. And in it we'll first define the first layer. So the first hidden the first layer. So the first hidden the first layer. So the first hidden layer and we are going to name it as layer and we are going to name it as layer and we are going to name it as layer_1 which will be nothing but the layer_1 which will be nothing but the layer_1 which will be nothing but the matrix multiplication of x and weights matrix multiplication of x and weights matrix multiplication of x and weights of h1 that is the hidden layer 1 and of h1 that is the hidden layer 1 and of h1 that is the hidden layer 1 and that'll be added to your biases b1 after that'll be added to your biases b1 after that'll be added to your biases b1 after that we'll pass it through a sigmoid that we'll pass it through a sigmoid that we'll pass it through a sigmoid activation function similarly in layer 2 activation function similarly in layer 2 activation function similarly in layer 2 as well matrix multiplication of layer 1 as well matrix multiplication of layer 1 as well matrix multiplication of layer 1 and weights of h2 so if you can notice and weights of h2 so if you can notice and weights of h2 so if you can notice layer 1 was the network layer just layer 1 was the network layer just layer 1 was the network layer just before the layer two right so the output before the layer two right so the output before the layer two right so the output of this layer 1 will become input to the of this layer 1 will become input to the of this layer 1 will become input to the layer And that's why we have written layer And that's why we have written layer And that's why we have written layer_1 it'll be multiplied by weights layer_1 it'll be multiplied by weights layer_1 it'll be multiplied by weights h2 and then we'll add it with the bias. h2 and then we'll add it with the bias. h2 and then we'll add it with the bias. Similarly for this particular head layer Similarly for this particular head layer Similarly for this particular head layer as well and this particular layer as as well and this particular layer as as well and this particular layer as well. But over here we are going to use well. But over here we are going to use well. But over here we are going to use rail activation function instead of rail activation function instead of rail activation function instead of sigmoid. Then we are going to define the sigmoid. Then we are going to define the sigmoid. Then we are going to define the weights and biases. So this is how we weights and biases. So this is how we weights and biases. So this is how we basically define weights. This is how we basically define weights. This is how we basically define weights. This is how we basically define weights. So weights h1 basically define weights. So weights h1 basically define weights. So weights h1 will be a variable which will be a will be a variable which will be a will be a variable which will be a truncated normal with the shape of n dim truncated normal with the shape of n dim truncated normal with the shape of n dim and n hidden_1. So these are nothing but and n hidden_1. So these are nothing but and n hidden_1. So these are nothing but your shapes. All right. And after that your shapes. All right. And after that your shapes. All right. And after that what we have done we have defined biases what we have done we have defined biases what we have done we have defined biases as well. Then we need to initialize all as well. Then we need to initialize all as well. Then we need to initialize all the variables. So all these things the variables. So all these things the variables. So all these things actually I've discussed in brief when I actually I've discussed in brief when I actually I've discussed in brief when I was talking about tensorflow. Since in was talking about tensorflow. Since in was talking about tensorflow. Since in tensorflow we need to initialize the tensorflow we need to initialize the tensorflow we need to initialize the variables before we use it. So that's variables before we use it. So that's variables before we use it. So that's how we do it. We first initialize it and how we do it. We first initialize it and how we do it. We first initialize it and then we need to run it. That's when your then we need to run it. That's when your then we need to run it. That's when your variables will be initialized. After variables will be initialized. After variables will be initialized. After that we are going to create a saver that we are going to create a saver that we are going to create a saver object and then finally I'm going to object and then finally I'm going to object and then finally I'm going to call my model. And then comes the part call my model. And then comes the part call my model. And then comes the part where the training happens. Cost where the training happens. Cost where the training happens. Cost function. Cause function is nothing but function. Cause function is nothing but function. Cause function is nothing but you can say an error that will be you can say an error that will be you can say an error that will be calculated between the actual output and calculated between the actual output and calculated between the actual output and the model output. All right. So y is the model output. All right. So y is the model output. All right. So y is nothing but our model output and y dash nothing but our model output and y dash nothing but our model output and y dash is nothing but actual output or the is nothing but actual output or the is nothing but actual output or the output that we already know. All right. output that we already know. All right. output that we already know. All right. And then we are going to use the And then we are going to use the And then we are going to use the gradient descent optimizer to reduce gradient descent optimizer to reduce gradient descent optimizer to reduce error. Then we are going to create a error. Then we are going to create a error. Then we are going to create a session object as well. And finally what session object as well. And finally what session object as well. And finally what we are going to do we are going to run we are going to do we are going to run we are going to do we are going to run the session. So this is how we basically the session. So this is how we basically the session. So this is how we basically do that for every epoch we will be do that for every epoch we will be do that for every epoch we will be calculating the change in the error as calculating the change in the error as calculating the change in the error as well as the accuracy that comes after well as the accuracy that comes after well as the accuracy that comes after every epoch on the training data. After every epoch on the training data. After every epoch on the training data. After we have calculated the accuracy on the we have calculated the accuracy on the we have calculated the accuracy on the training data we going to plot it for training data we going to plot it for training data we going to plot it for every epoch how the accuracy is and every epoch how the accuracy is and every epoch how the accuracy is and after plotting that we going to print after plotting that we going to print after plotting that we going to print the final accuracy which will be on our the final accuracy which will be on our the final accuracy which will be on our test data. So using the same model we'll test data. So using the same model we'll test data. So using the same model we'll make prediction on the test data and make prediction on the test data and make prediction on the test data and after that we are going to print the after that we are going to print the after that we are going to print the final accuracy and the mean squared final accuracy and the mean squared final accuracy and the mean squared error. So let's go ahead and execute error. So let's go ahead and execute error. So let's go ahead and execute this guys. this guys. this guys. All right. So training is done and this All right. So training is done and this All right. So training is done and this is the graph we have got for accuracy is the graph we have got for accuracy is the graph we have got for accuracy versus epoch. This is accuracy. Y-axis versus epoch. This is accuracy. Y-axis versus epoch. This is accuracy. Y-axis represents accuracy whereas this is represents accuracy whereas this is represents accuracy whereas this is epox. We have taken 100 epochs and our epox. We have taken 100 epochs and our epox. We have taken 100 epochs and our accuracy has reached somewhere around accuracy has reached somewhere around accuracy has reached somewhere around 99%. So with every epoch it is actually 99%. So with every epoch it is actually 99%. So with every epoch it is actually increasing apart from a couple of increasing apart from a couple of increasing apart from a couple of instances it is actually keep on instances it is actually keep on instances it is actually keep on increasing. So the more data you train increasing. So the more data you train increasing. So the more data you train your model on it'll be more accurate. your model on it'll be more accurate. your model on it'll be more accurate. Let me just close it. So now the model Let me just close it. So now the model Let me just close it. So now the model has also been saved where I wanted it to has also been saved where I wanted it to has also been saved where I wanted it to be. This is my final test accuracy and be. This is my final test accuracy and be. This is my final test accuracy and this is the mean squared error. All this is the mean squared error. All this is the mean squared error. All right. So these are the files that will right. So these are the files that will right. So these are the files that will appear once you save your model. These appear once you save your model. These appear once you save your model. These are the four files that I've are the four files that I've are the four files that I've highlighted. Now what we need to do is highlighted. Now what we need to do is highlighted. Now what we need to do is restore this particular model. And I've restore this particular model. And I've restore this particular model. And I've explained this in detail how to restore explained this in detail how to restore explained this in detail how to restore a model that you have already saved. So a model that you have already saved. So a model that you have already saved. So over here what I'll do I'll take some over here what I'll do I'll take some over here what I'll do I'll take some random range. I've taken it actually random range. I've taken it actually random range. I've taken it actually from 754 to 768. So all the values in from 754 to 768. So all the values in from 754 to 768. So all the values in the row of 754 and 768 will be fed to the row of 754 and 768 will be fed to the row of 754 and 768 will be fed to our model and our model will make our model and our model will make our model and our model will make prediction on that. So let us go ahead prediction on that. So let us go ahead prediction on that. So let us go ahead and run this. and run this. and run this. So when I'm restoring my model, it seems So when I'm restoring my model, it seems So when I'm restoring my model, it seems that my model is 100% accurate for the that my model is 100% accurate for the that my model is 100% accurate for the values that I have fed in. So whatever values that I have fed in. So whatever values that I have fed in. So whatever values that I have actually given as values that I have actually given as values that I have actually given as input to my model, it has correctly input to my model, it has correctly input to my model, it has correctly identified its class whether it's a fake identified its class whether it's a fake identified its class whether it's a fake node or a real node because zero stands node or a real node because zero stands node or a real node because zero stands for fake node and one stands for real for fake node and one stands for real for fake node and one stands for real node. Okay. So original class is nothing node. Okay. So original class is nothing node. Okay. So original class is nothing but which is there in my data set. So it but which is there in my data set. So it but which is there in my data set. So it is zero already. And what prediction my is zero already. And what prediction my is zero already. And what prediction my model has made is zero. That means it is model has made is zero. That means it is model has made is zero. That means it is fake. So accuracy becomes 100%. fake. So accuracy becomes 100%. fake. So accuracy becomes 100%. Similarly for other values as well. Similarly for other values as well. Similarly for other values as well. Fine guys. So this is how we basically Fine guys. So this is how we basically Fine guys. So this is how we basically implement the use case that we saw in implement the use case that we saw in implement the use case that we saw in the beginning. So in the slide you can the beginning. So in the slide you can the beginning. So in the slide you can notice that I've listed out only two notice that I've listed out only two notice that I've listed out only two applications although there are many applications although there are many applications although there are many more. So neural networks in medicine. more. So neural networks in medicine. more. So neural networks in medicine. Artificial neural networks are currently Artificial neural networks are currently Artificial neural networks are currently a very hot research area in medicine and a very hot research area in medicine and a very hot research area in medicine and it is believed that they will receive it is believed that they will receive it is believed that they will receive extensive application to biomedical extensive application to biomedical extensive application to biomedical systems in the next few years and systems in the next few years and systems in the next few years and currently the research is mostly on currently the research is mostly on currently the research is mostly on modeling parts of human body and modeling parts of human body and modeling parts of human body and recognizing diseases from various scans recognizing diseases from various scans recognizing diseases from various scans for example it can be cardiograms cat for example it can be cardiograms cat for example it can be cardiograms cat scans ultrasonic scans etc. And scans ultrasonic scans etc. And scans ultrasonic scans etc. And currently the research is going mostly currently the research is going mostly currently the research is going mostly on two major areas first is modeling and on two major areas first is modeling and on two major areas first is modeling and diagnosing the cardiovascular system. So diagnosing the cardiovascular system. So diagnosing the cardiovascular system. So neural networks are used experimentally neural networks are used experimentally neural networks are used experimentally to model the human cardiovascular to model the human cardiovascular to model the human cardiovascular system. Diagnosis can be achieved by system. Diagnosis can be achieved by system. Diagnosis can be achieved by building a model of the cardiovascular building a model of the cardiovascular building a model of the cardiovascular system of an individual and comparing it system of an individual and comparing it system of an individual and comparing it with the real-time physiological with the real-time physiological with the real-time physiological measurements taken from the patient. And measurements taken from the patient. And measurements taken from the patient. And trust me guys, if this routine is trust me guys, if this routine is trust me guys, if this routine is carried out regularly, potential harmful carried out regularly, potential harmful carried out regularly, potential harmful medical conditions can be detected at an medical conditions can be detected at an medical conditions can be detected at an early stage and thus make the process of early stage and thus make the process of early stage and thus make the process of combating disease much easier. Apart combating disease much easier. Apart combating disease much easier. Apart from that it is currently being used in from that it is currently being used in from that it is currently being used in electronic noses as well. Electronic electronic noses as well. Electronic electronic noses as well. Electronic noses have several potential noses have several potential noses have several potential applications in tele medicine. Now let applications in tele medicine. Now let applications in tele medicine. Now let me just give you an introduction to tele me just give you an introduction to tele me just give you an introduction to tele medicine. Tele medicine is a practice of medicine. Tele medicine is a practice of medicine. Tele medicine is a practice of medicine over long distance via a medicine over long distance via a medicine over long distance via a communication link. So what the communication link. So what the communication link. So what the electronic noses will do? They would electronic noses will do? They would electronic noses will do? They would identify odors in the remote surgical identify odors in the remote surgical identify odors in the remote surgical environment. These identified odors environment. These identified odors environment. These identified odors would then be electronically transmitted would then be electronically transmitted would then be electronically transmitted to another site where an door generation to another site where an door generation to another site where an door generation system would recreate them. Because the system would recreate them. Because the system would recreate them. Because the sense of the smell can be an important sense of the smell can be an important sense of the smell can be an important sense to the surgeon. Teley smell would sense to the surgeon. Teley smell would sense to the surgeon. Teley smell would enhance telepresent surgery. So these enhance telepresent surgery. So these enhance telepresent surgery. So these are the two ways in which you can use it are the two ways in which you can use it are the two ways in which you can use it in medicine. You can use it in business in medicine. You can use it in business in medicine. You can use it in business as well guys. So business is basically a as well guys. So business is basically a as well guys. So business is basically a diverted field with several general diverted field with several general diverted field with several general areas of specialization such as areas of specialization such as areas of specialization such as accounting or financial analysis. Almost accounting or financial analysis. Almost accounting or financial analysis. Almost any neural network application would fit any neural network application would fit any neural network application would fit into one business area or financial into one business area or financial into one business area or financial analysis. Now there is some potential analysis. Now there is some potential analysis. Now there is some potential for using neural networks for business for using neural networks for business for using neural networks for business purposes including resource allocation purposes including resource allocation purposes including resource allocation and scheduling. I have listed down two and scheduling. I have listed down two and scheduling. I have listed down two major areas where it can be used. One is major areas where it can be used. One is major areas where it can be used. One is marketing. So there is a marketing marketing. So there is a marketing marketing. So there is a marketing application which has been integrated application which has been integrated application which has been integrated with a neural network system. The with a neural network system. The with a neural network system. The airline marketing tactician is a airline marketing tactician is a airline marketing tactician is a computer system made of various computer system made of various computer system made of various intelligent technologies including intelligent technologies including intelligent technologies including expert systems. A feed forward neural expert systems. A feed forward neural expert systems. A feed forward neural network is integrated with the AMT which network is integrated with the AMT which network is integrated with the AMT which is nothing but airline marketing is nothing but airline marketing is nothing but airline marketing tactician and was trained using back tactician and was trained using back tactician and was trained using back propagation to assist the marketing propagation to assist the marketing propagation to assist the marketing control of airline seat or location. So control of airline seat or location. So control of airline seat or location. So it has wide applications in marketing as it has wide applications in marketing as it has wide applications in marketing as well. Now the second area is credit well. Now the second area is credit well. Now the second area is credit evaluation. Now I'll give you an example evaluation. Now I'll give you an example evaluation. Now I'll give you an example here. The HNC company has developed here. The HNC company has developed here. The HNC company has developed several neural network applications and several neural network applications and several neural network applications and one of them is a credit scoring system one of them is a credit scoring system one of them is a credit scoring system which increases the profitability of which increases the profitability of which increases the profitability of existing model up to 27%. So these are existing model up to 27%. So these are existing model up to 27%. So these are few applications that I'm telling you few applications that I'm telling you few applications that I'm telling you guys neural network is actually the guys neural network is actually the guys neural network is actually the future. People are talking about neural future. People are talking about neural future. People are talking about neural networks everywhere and especially after networks everywhere and especially after networks everywhere and especially after the introduction of GPUs and the amount the introduction of GPUs and the amount the introduction of GPUs and the amount of data that we have now neural network of data that we have now neural network of data that we have now neural network is actually spreading like plague right is actually spreading like plague right is actually spreading like plague right now. now. now. [music] Why can't we use feed forward networks? Why can't we use feed forward networks? Why can't we use feed forward networks? Now let us take an example of a feed Now let us take an example of a feed Now let us take an example of a feed forward network that is used for image forward network that is used for image forward network that is used for image classification. So we have trained this classification. So we have trained this classification. So we have trained this particular network for classifying particular network for classifying particular network for classifying various images of animals. Now if you various images of animals. Now if you various images of animals. Now if you feed in an image of a dog, it will feed in an image of a dog, it will feed in an image of a dog, it will identify that image and will provide a identify that image and will provide a identify that image and will provide a relevant label to that particular image. relevant label to that particular image. relevant label to that particular image. Similarly, if you feed in an image of an Similarly, if you feed in an image of an Similarly, if you feed in an image of an elephant, it will provide a relevant elephant, it will provide a relevant elephant, it will provide a relevant label to that particular image as well. label to that particular image as well. label to that particular image as well. Now if you notice the new output that we Now if you notice the new output that we Now if you notice the new output that we have got that is classifying an elephant have got that is classifying an elephant have got that is classifying an elephant has no relation with the previous output has no relation with the previous output has no relation with the previous output that is of a top or you can say that the that is of a top or you can say that the that is of a top or you can say that the output at time t is independent of output at time t is independent of output at time t is independent of output at time t minus one as we can see output at time t minus one as we can see output at time t minus one as we can see that there is no relation between the that there is no relation between the that there is no relation between the new output and the previous output. So new output and the previous output. So new output and the previous output. So we can say that in feed forward networks we can say that in feed forward networks we can say that in feed forward networks outputs are independent to each other. outputs are independent to each other. outputs are independent to each other. Now there are few scenarios where we Now there are few scenarios where we Now there are few scenarios where we actually need the previous output to get actually need the previous output to get actually need the previous output to get the new output. Let us discuss one such the new output. Let us discuss one such the new output. Let us discuss one such scenario. Now what happens when you read scenario. Now what happens when you read scenario. Now what happens when you read a book? You'll understand that book only a book? You'll understand that book only a book? You'll understand that book only on the understanding of your previous on the understanding of your previous on the understanding of your previous words. All right? So if I use a feed words. All right? So if I use a feed words. All right? So if I use a feed forward network and try to predict the forward network and try to predict the forward network and try to predict the next word in a sentence, I can't do next word in a sentence, I can't do next word in a sentence, I can't do that. Why can't I do that? Because my that. Why can't I do that? Because my that. Why can't I do that? Because my output will actually depend on the output will actually depend on the output will actually depend on the previous outputs. But in the feed previous outputs. But in the feed previous outputs. But in the feed forward network, my new output is forward network, my new output is forward network, my new output is independent of the previous outputs. independent of the previous outputs. independent of the previous outputs. That is output at t +1 has no relation That is output at t +1 has no relation That is output at t +1 has no relation with output at t minus 2, t minus 1 and with output at t minus 2, t minus 1 and with output at t minus 2, t minus 1 and at t. So basically we cannot use feed at t. So basically we cannot use feed at t. So basically we cannot use feed forward networks for predicting the next forward networks for predicting the next forward networks for predicting the next word in a sentence. Similarly you can word in a sentence. Similarly you can word in a sentence. Similarly you can think of many other examples where we think of many other examples where we think of many other examples where we need the previous output some need the previous output some need the previous output some information from the previous output so information from the previous output so information from the previous output so as to infer the new output. This is just as to infer the new output. This is just as to infer the new output. This is just one small example. There are many other one small example. There are many other one small example. There are many other examples that you can think of. So we'll examples that you can think of. So we'll examples that you can think of. So we'll move forward and understand how we can move forward and understand how we can move forward and understand how we can solve this particular problem. So over solve this particular problem. So over solve this particular problem. So over here what we have done we have input at here what we have done we have input at here what we have done we have input at t minus one. We'll feed it to our t minus one. We'll feed it to our t minus one. We'll feed it to our network. Then we'll get the output at t network. Then we'll get the output at t network. Then we'll get the output at t minus one. Then at the next time stamp minus one. Then at the next time stamp minus one. Then at the next time stamp that is at time t we have input at time that is at time t we have input at time that is at time t we have input at time t that will be given to our network t that will be given to our network t that will be given to our network along with the information from the along with the information from the along with the information from the previous time stamp that is t minus one previous time stamp that is t minus one previous time stamp that is t minus one and that will help us to get the output and that will help us to get the output and that will help us to get the output at t. Similarly at output for t + 1 we at t. Similarly at output for t + 1 we at t. Similarly at output for t + 1 we have two inputs one is a new input that have two inputs one is a new input that have two inputs one is a new input that we give another is the information we give another is the information we give another is the information coming from the previous time stamp that coming from the previous time stamp that coming from the previous time stamp that is t in order to get the output at time is t in order to get the output at time is t in order to get the output at time t + 1. Similarly it can go on. So over t + 1. Similarly it can go on. So over t + 1. Similarly it can go on. So over here I have just written a generalized here I have just written a generalized here I have just written a generalized way to represent it. There's a loop way to represent it. There's a loop way to represent it. There's a loop where the information from the previous where the information from the previous where the information from the previous time stamp is flowing and this is how we time stamp is flowing and this is how we time stamp is flowing and this is how we can solve this particular challenge. Now can solve this particular challenge. Now can solve this particular challenge. Now let us understand what exactly are let us understand what exactly are let us understand what exactly are recurrent neural networks. So for recurrent neural networks. So for recurrent neural networks. So for understanding recurren neural network understanding recurren neural network understanding recurren neural network I'll take an analogy. Suppose your gym I'll take an analogy. Suppose your gym I'll take an analogy. Suppose your gym trainer has made a schedule for you. The trainer has made a schedule for you. The trainer has made a schedule for you. The exercises are repeated after every third exercises are repeated after every third exercises are repeated after every third day. Now this is the order of your day. Now this is the order of your day. Now this is the order of your exercises. First day you'll be doing exercises. First day you'll be doing exercises. First day you'll be doing shoulders. Second day you'll be doing shoulders. Second day you'll be doing shoulders. Second day you'll be doing biceps. Third day you'll be doing biceps. Third day you'll be doing biceps. Third day you'll be doing cardio. And all these exercises are cardio. And all these exercises are cardio. And all these exercises are repeated in a proper order. Now what repeated in a proper order. Now what repeated in a proper order. Now what happens when we use a feed forward happens when we use a feed forward happens when we use a feed forward network for predicting the exercise network for predicting the exercise network for predicting the exercise today. So we'll provide in the inputs today. So we'll provide in the inputs today. So we'll provide in the inputs such as day of the week, month of the such as day of the week, month of the such as day of the week, month of the year and health status. All right. And year and health status. All right. And year and health status. All right. And we need to train our model or our we need to train our model or our we need to train our model or our network on the exercises that we have network on the exercises that we have network on the exercises that we have done in the past. After that there'll be done in the past. After that there'll be done in the past. After that there'll be a complex voting procedure involved that a complex voting procedure involved that a complex voting procedure involved that will predict the exercise for us and will predict the exercise for us and will predict the exercise for us and that procedure won't be that accurate. that procedure won't be that accurate. that procedure won't be that accurate. So whatever output we'll get won't be as So whatever output we'll get won't be as So whatever output we'll get won't be as accurate as we want it to be. Now what accurate as we want it to be. Now what accurate as we want it to be. Now what if I change my inputs and I make my if I change my inputs and I make my if I change my inputs and I make my inputs as what exercise I've done inputs as what exercise I've done inputs as what exercise I've done yesterday. So if I've done shoulder then yesterday. So if I've done shoulder then yesterday. So if I've done shoulder then definitely today I'll be doing biceps. definitely today I'll be doing biceps. definitely today I'll be doing biceps. Similarly if I've done biceps yesterday Similarly if I've done biceps yesterday Similarly if I've done biceps yesterday today I'll be doing cardio. Similarly if today I'll be doing cardio. Similarly if today I'll be doing cardio. Similarly if I've done cardio yesterday today I'll be I've done cardio yesterday today I'll be I've done cardio yesterday today I'll be doing shoulder. Now there can be one doing shoulder. Now there can be one doing shoulder. Now there can be one scenario where you are unable to go to scenario where you are unable to go to scenario where you are unable to go to gym for one day due to some personal gym for one day due to some personal gym for one day due to some personal reasons you could not go to the gym. Now reasons you could not go to the gym. Now reasons you could not go to the gym. Now what will happen at that time we'll go what will happen at that time we'll go what will happen at that time we'll go one time stamp back and we'll feed in one time stamp back and we'll feed in one time stamp back and we'll feed in what exercise that happened day before what exercise that happened day before what exercise that happened day before yesterday. So if the exercise that yesterday. So if the exercise that yesterday. So if the exercise that happened day before yesterday was happened day before yesterday was happened day before yesterday was shoulder then yesterday there were shoulder then yesterday there were shoulder then yesterday there were biceps exercises. All right. Similarly biceps exercises. All right. Similarly biceps exercises. All right. Similarly biceps happened day before yesterday biceps happened day before yesterday biceps happened day before yesterday then yesterday would have been cardio then yesterday would have been cardio then yesterday would have been cardio exercises. Similarly if cardio would exercises. Similarly if cardio would exercises. Similarly if cardio would have happened day before yesterday would have happened day before yesterday would have happened day before yesterday would have been shoulder exercises. All right. have been shoulder exercises. All right. have been shoulder exercises. All right. And this prediction the prediction for And this prediction the prediction for And this prediction the prediction for the exercise that happened yesterday the exercise that happened yesterday the exercise that happened yesterday will be fed back to our network and will be fed back to our network and will be fed back to our network and these predictions will be used as inputs these predictions will be used as inputs these predictions will be used as inputs in order to predict what exercise will in order to predict what exercise will in order to predict what exercise will happen today. Similarly, if you have happen today. Similarly, if you have happen today. Similarly, if you have missed your gym, say for 2 days, 3 days missed your gym, say for 2 days, 3 days missed your gym, say for 2 days, 3 days or one week. So, you need to roll back. or one week. So, you need to roll back. or one week. So, you need to roll back. You need to go to the last day when you You need to go to the last day when you You need to go to the last day when you went to the gym, you need to figure out went to the gym, you need to figure out went to the gym, you need to figure out what exercise you did on that day. Feed what exercise you did on that day. Feed what exercise you did on that day. Feed that as an input and then only you'll be that as an input and then only you'll be that as an input and then only you'll be getting the relevant output as to what getting the relevant output as to what getting the relevant output as to what exercise will happen today. Now, what exercise will happen today. Now, what exercise will happen today. Now, what I'll do, I'll convert these things into I'll do, I'll convert these things into I'll do, I'll convert these things into a vector. Now, what is a vector? Vector a vector. Now, what is a vector? Vector a vector. Now, what is a vector? Vector is nothing but a list of numbers. All is nothing but a list of numbers. All is nothing but a list of numbers. All right? So, this is the new information right? So, this is the new information right? So, this is the new information guys along with the information from the guys along with the information from the guys along with the information from the prediction at the previous time step. So prediction at the previous time step. So prediction at the previous time step. So we need both of these in order to get we need both of these in order to get we need both of these in order to get the prediction at time t. Imagine if I the prediction at time t. Imagine if I the prediction at time t. Imagine if I have done shoulder exercises yesterday. have done shoulder exercises yesterday. have done shoulder exercises yesterday. So this will be one, this will be zero, So this will be one, this will be zero, So this will be one, this will be zero, this will be zero. Now the prediction this will be zero. Now the prediction this will be zero. Now the prediction that will happen will be biceps exercise that will happen will be biceps exercise that will happen will be biceps exercise because if I've done shoulder yesterday, because if I've done shoulder yesterday, because if I've done shoulder yesterday, today it will be biceps. So my output today it will be biceps. So my output today it will be biceps. So my output will be 0, 1 and zero. And this is how will be 0, 1 and zero. And this is how will be 0, 1 and zero. And this is how vectors work guys. So I hope you have vectors work guys. So I hope you have vectors work guys. So I hope you have understood this guys. Now this is how a understood this guys. Now this is how a understood this guys. Now this is how a neural network looks like guys. We have neural network looks like guys. We have neural network looks like guys. We have new information along with the new information along with the new information along with the information from the previous time information from the previous time information from the previous time stamp. The output that we have got in stamp. The output that we have got in stamp. The output that we have got in the previous time stamp will uh use the previous time stamp will uh use the previous time stamp will uh use certain information from that will feed certain information from that will feed certain information from that will feed into our network as inputs and then that into our network as inputs and then that into our network as inputs and then that will help us to get the new output. will help us to get the new output. will help us to get the new output. Similarly, this new output that we have Similarly, this new output that we have Similarly, this new output that we have got will take some information from that got will take some information from that got will take some information from that feed in as an input to our network along feed in as an input to our network along feed in as an input to our network along with the new information to get the new with the new information to get the new with the new information to get the new prediction and this process keeps on prediction and this process keeps on prediction and this process keeps on repeating. Now let me show you the math repeating. Now let me show you the math repeating. Now let me show you the math behind the recurrent neural networks. So behind the recurrent neural networks. So behind the recurrent neural networks. So this is the structure of a recurrent this is the structure of a recurrent this is the structure of a recurrent neural network guys. Let me explain you neural network guys. Let me explain you neural network guys. Let me explain you what happens here. Now consider at time what happens here. Now consider at time what happens here. Now consider at time t equals to0 we have input x and we need t equals to0 we have input x and we need t equals to0 we have input x and we need to figure out what is h. So according to to figure out what is h. So according to to figure out what is h. So according to this equation h of 0 is equal to w i this equation h of 0 is equal to w i this equation h of 0 is equal to w i weight matrix multiplied by input x of0 weight matrix multiplied by input x of0 weight matrix multiplied by input x of0 plus w into h of 0 - 1 which is h of plus w into h of 0 - 1 which is h of plus w into h of 0 - 1 which is h of minus1 and time can never be negative. minus1 and time can never be negative. minus1 and time can never be negative. So we this particular equation cannot be So we this particular equation cannot be So we this particular equation cannot be applied here plus a bias. So wi into x applied here plus a bias. So wi into x applied here plus a bias. So wi into x of0 plus bh pass passes through a of0 plus bh pass passes through a of0 plus bh pass passes through a function g of h to get h of 0 over here. function g of h to get h of 0 over here. function g of h to get h of 0 over here. After that I want to calculate y not. So After that I want to calculate y not. So After that I want to calculate y not. So for y not I'll multiply h of 0 with the for y not I'll multiply h of 0 with the for y not I'll multiply h of 0 with the weight matrix wi and I'll add a bias to weight matrix wi and I'll add a bias to weight matrix wi and I'll add a bias to it and pass it through a function g of y it and pass it through a function g of y it and pass it through a function g of y to get y not. Now in the next time stamp to get y not. Now in the next time stamp to get y not. Now in the next time stamp that is at time t= to 1 things become a that is at time t= to 1 things become a that is at time t= to 1 things become a bit tricky. Now let me explain you what bit tricky. Now let me explain you what bit tricky. Now let me explain you what happens here. So at time t= to 1 I have happens here. So at time t= to 1 I have happens here. So at time t= to 1 I have input x1. I need to figure out what is input x1. I need to figure out what is input x1. I need to figure out what is h1. So for that I'll use this equation. h1. So for that I'll use this equation. h1. So for that I'll use this equation. So I'll multiply wi that is a weight So I'll multiply wi that is a weight So I'll multiply wi that is a weight matrix by the input x1 plus w into h of matrix by the input x1 plus w into h of matrix by the input x1 plus w into h of 1 - 1 which is 0. h of0 we know what we 1 - 1 which is 0. h of0 we know what we 1 - 1 which is 0. h of0 we know what we got from here. So w into h of 0 plus the got from here. So w into h of 0 plus the got from here. So w into h of 0 plus the bias pass it through a function g of h bias pass it through a function g of h bias pass it through a function g of h to get the output as h1. Now this h1 to get the output as h1. Now this h1 to get the output as h1. Now this h1 we'll use to get y1. We'll multiply h1 we'll use to get y1. We'll multiply h1 we'll use to get y1. We'll multiply h1 with w y plus a bias and we'll pass it with w y plus a bias and we'll pass it with w y plus a bias and we'll pass it through a function g of y to get y1. through a function g of y to get y1. through a function g of y to get y1. Similarly, the next time stamp that is Similarly, the next time stamp that is Similarly, the next time stamp that is at time t= to 2, we have input x2. We at time t= to 2, we have input x2. We at time t= to 2, we have input x2. We need to figure out what will be h2. So, need to figure out what will be h2. So, need to figure out what will be h2. So, we'll multiply the weight matrix wi with we'll multiply the weight matrix wi with we'll multiply the weight matrix wi with x of 2 plus w into h of 1 that we have x of 2 plus w into h of 1 that we have x of 2 plus w into h of 1 that we have got here plus b of h and pass it through got here plus b of h and pass it through got here plus b of h and pass it through a function g of h to get h of 2. From h a function g of h to get h of 2. From h a function g of h to get h of 2. From h of we'll calculate y of 2. W into h of 2 of we'll calculate y of 2. W into h of 2 of we'll calculate y of 2. W into h of 2 plus y that is the bias. Pass it through plus y that is the bias. Pass it through plus y that is the bias. Pass it through a function g of y to get y. And this is a function g of y to get y. And this is a function g of y to get y. And this is how recurrent neural network works guys. how recurrent neural network works guys. how recurrent neural network works guys. Now you must be thinking how to train a Now you must be thinking how to train a Now you must be thinking how to train a recurrent neural network. So a recurrent recurrent neural network. So a recurrent recurrent neural network. So a recurrent neural network uses back propagation neural network uses back propagation neural network uses back propagation algorithm for training. But back algorithm for training. But back algorithm for training. But back propagation happens for every time propagation happens for every time propagation happens for every time stamp. That is why it is commonly called stamp. That is why it is commonly called stamp. That is why it is commonly called as back propagation through type. Over as back propagation through type. Over as back propagation through type. Over here I won't be discussing back here I won't be discussing back here I won't be discussing back propagation uh in detail. I'll just give propagation uh in detail. I'll just give propagation uh in detail. I'll just give you a brief introduction of what it is. you a brief introduction of what it is. you a brief introduction of what it is. Now with back propagation there are Now with back propagation there are Now with back propagation there are certain issues namely vanishing and certain issues namely vanishing and certain issues namely vanishing and exploring gradients. Let us see those exploring gradients. Let us see those exploring gradients. Let us see those one by one. So in vanishing gradient one by one. So in vanishing gradient one by one. So in vanishing gradient what happens when you use back what happens when you use back what happens when you use back propagation you tend to calculate the propagation you tend to calculate the propagation you tend to calculate the error which is nothing but the actual error which is nothing but the actual error which is nothing but the actual output that you already know minus the output that you already know minus the output that you already know minus the model output output that you got through model output output that you got through model output output that you got through your model and the square of that. So your model and the square of that. So your model and the square of that. So you figure out the error with that you figure out the error with that you figure out the error with that error. What do you do? You tend to find error. What do you do? You tend to find error. What do you do? You tend to find out the change in error with respect to out the change in error with respect to out the change in error with respect to change in weight or any variable. So change in weight or any variable. So change in weight or any variable. So we'll call it weight here. So change of we'll call it weight here. So change of we'll call it weight here. So change of error with respect to weight multiplied error with respect to weight multiplied error with respect to weight multiplied by learning rate will give you the by learning rate will give you the by learning rate will give you the change in weight. Then you need to add change in weight. Then you need to add change in weight. Then you need to add that change in weight to the old weight that change in weight to the old weight that change in weight to the old weight to get the new weight. All right. So to get the new weight. All right. So to get the new weight. All right. So obviously what we are trying to do we obviously what we are trying to do we obviously what we are trying to do we are trying to reduce the error. So for are trying to reduce the error. So for are trying to reduce the error. So for that we need to figure out what will be that we need to figure out what will be that we need to figure out what will be the change in error if my variables are the change in error if my variables are the change in error if my variables are changed. Right? So that way we can get changed. Right? So that way we can get changed. Right? So that way we can get the change in the variable and add it to the change in the variable and add it to the change in the variable and add it to our old variable to get the new our old variable to get the new our old variable to get the new variable. Now over here what can happen variable. Now over here what can happen variable. Now over here what can happen if the value de by dw that is a gradient if the value de by dw that is a gradient if the value de by dw that is a gradient or you can say the rate of change of or you can say the rate of change of or you can say the rate of change of error with respect to our variable error with respect to our variable error with respect to our variable weight becomes very small than one like weight becomes very small than one like weight becomes very small than one like it is 0 something. So if you multiply it is 0 something. So if you multiply it is 0 something. So if you multiply that with the learning rate which is that with the learning rate which is that with the learning rate which is definitely smaller than one then you get definitely smaller than one then you get definitely smaller than one then you get the change of weight which is the change of weight which is the change of weight which is negligible. All right so there might be negligible. All right so there might be negligible. All right so there might be certain examples where you know you are certain examples where you know you are certain examples where you know you are trying to predict say a next word in a trying to predict say a next word in a trying to predict say a next word in a sentence and the sentence is pretty sentence and the sentence is pretty sentence and the sentence is pretty long. For example, if I say I went to long. For example, if I say I went to long. For example, if I say I went to France dash dash I went to France then France dash dash I went to France then France dash dash I went to France then there are certain words then I say few there are certain words then I say few there are certain words then I say few of them speak dash now I need to predict of them speak dash now I need to predict of them speak dash now I need to predict speak what will come after speak so for speak what will come after speak so for speak what will come after speak so for that I need to go back in time and check that I need to go back in time and check that I need to go back in time and check what was the context which will be very what was the context which will be very what was the context which will be very complex and due to that there will be a complex and due to that there will be a complex and due to that there will be a lot of iterations and because of that lot of iterations and because of that lot of iterations and because of that this error this change in weight will this error this change in weight will this error this change in weight will become very small very small so the new become very small very small so the new become very small very small so the new weight that we'll get will be actually weight that we'll get will be actually weight that we'll get will be actually almost equal to your old weight. So almost equal to your old weight. So almost equal to your old weight. So there won't be any updation of weight there won't be any updation of weight there won't be any updation of weight that will be happening and that is that will be happening and that is that will be happening and that is nothing but your vanishing gradient. All nothing but your vanishing gradient. All nothing but your vanishing gradient. All right, I'll repeat it once more. So what right, I'll repeat it once more. So what right, I'll repeat it once more. So what happens in back propagation? You first happens in back propagation? You first happens in back propagation? You first calculate the error. This error is calculate the error. This error is calculate the error. This error is nothing but the difference between the nothing but the difference between the nothing but the difference between the actual output and the model output and actual output and the model output and actual output and the model output and the square of that. With that error, we the square of that. With that error, we the square of that. With that error, we figure out what will be the change in figure out what will be the change in figure out what will be the change in error when we change a particular error when we change a particular error when we change a particular variable say weight. So de by dw variable say weight. So de by dw variable say weight. So de by dw multiply it with learning rate to get multiply it with learning rate to get multiply it with learning rate to get the change in the variable or change in the change in the variable or change in the change in the variable or change in the weight. Now we'll add that change in the weight. Now we'll add that change in the weight. Now we'll add that change in the weight to our old weight to get the the weight to our old weight to get the the weight to our old weight to get the new weight. This is what back new weight. This is what back new weight. This is what back propagation is guys. All right, I've propagation is guys. All right, I've propagation is guys. All right, I've just given you a small introduction to just given you a small introduction to just given you a small introduction to back propagation. Now consider a back propagation. Now consider a back propagation. Now consider a scenario where you need to predict the scenario where you need to predict the scenario where you need to predict the next word in the sentence. And your next word in the sentence. And your next word in the sentence. And your sentence is something like this. I have sentence is something like this. I have sentence is something like this. I have been to France. Then there are a lot of been to France. Then there are a lot of been to France. Then there are a lot of words. After that few people speak and words. After that few people speak and words. After that few people speak and then you need to predict what comes then you need to predict what comes then you need to predict what comes after speak. Now if I need to do that I after speak. Now if I need to do that I after speak. Now if I need to do that I need to go back and understand the need to go back and understand the need to go back and understand the context. What is it talking about? And context. What is it talking about? And context. What is it talking about? And that is nothing but your long-term that is nothing but your long-term that is nothing but your long-term dependencies. So what happens during dependencies. So what happens during dependencies. So what happens during long-term dependencies? If this DE by DW long-term dependencies? If this DE by DW long-term dependencies? If this DE by DW becomes very small, then when you becomes very small, then when you becomes very small, then when you multiply it with N which is again multiply it with N which is again multiply it with N which is again smaller than one, you get deltaW which smaller than one, you get deltaW which smaller than one, you get deltaW which will be very very small. That will be will be very very small. That will be will be very very small. That will be negligible. So the new weight that negligible. So the new weight that negligible. So the new weight that you'll get here will be almost equal to you'll get here will be almost equal to you'll get here will be almost equal to your old weight. So I hope you're your old weight. So I hope you're your old weight. So I hope you're getting my point. So this new weight so getting my point. So this new weight so getting my point. So this new weight so there will be no updation of weights there will be no updation of weights there will be no updation of weights guys. This new weight will definitely be guys. This new weight will definitely be guys. This new weight will definitely be will always be almost equal to our old will always be almost equal to our old will always be almost equal to our old weight. So there won't be any learning weight. So there won't be any learning weight. So there won't be any learning here. So that is nothing but your here. So that is nothing but your here. So that is nothing but your vanishing gradient problem. Similarly, vanishing gradient problem. Similarly, vanishing gradient problem. Similarly, when I talk about exploding gradient, it when I talk about exploding gradient, it when I talk about exploding gradient, it is just the opposite of vanishing is just the opposite of vanishing is just the opposite of vanishing gradient. So what happens when your gradient. So what happens when your gradient. So what happens when your gradient or de by dw becomes very large gradient or de by dw becomes very large gradient or de by dw becomes very large becomes greater than greater than one. becomes greater than greater than one. becomes greater than greater than one. All right? And you have some long-term All right? And you have some long-term All right? And you have some long-term dependencies. So at that time your d by dependencies. So at that time your d by dependencies. So at that time your d by dw will keep on increasing. Delta w will dw will keep on increasing. Delta w will dw will keep on increasing. Delta w will become large. And because of that your become large. And because of that your become large. And because of that your weights, the new weight that will come weights, the new weight that will come weights, the new weight that will come will be very different from your old will be very different from your old will be very different from your old weight. So these two are the problems weight. So these two are the problems weight. So these two are the problems with back propagation. Now let us see with back propagation. Now let us see with back propagation. Now let us see how to solve these problems. Now how to solve these problems. Now how to solve these problems. Now exploding gradients can be solved with exploding gradients can be solved with exploding gradients can be solved with the help of truncated BTD back the help of truncated BTD back the help of truncated BTD back propagation through time. So instead of propagation through time. So instead of propagation through time. So instead of starting back propagation at the last starting back propagation at the last starting back propagation at the last time stamp, we can choose a smaller time time stamp, we can choose a smaller time time stamp, we can choose a smaller time stamp like 10 or we can clip the stamp like 10 or we can clip the stamp like 10 or we can clip the gradients at a threshold. So there can gradients at a threshold. So there can gradients at a threshold. So there can be a threshold value where we can you be a threshold value where we can you be a threshold value where we can you know clip the gradients and we can know clip the gradients and we can know clip the gradients and we can adjust the learning rate as well. Now adjust the learning rate as well. Now adjust the learning rate as well. Now for vanishing gradient we can use a rail for vanishing gradient we can use a rail for vanishing gradient we can use a rail activation function. We have discussed activation function. We have discussed activation function. We have discussed radioactivation function in artificial radioactivation function in artificial radioactivation function in artificial neural network tutorial guys. Similarly, neural network tutorial guys. Similarly, neural network tutorial guys. Similarly, we can also use LSTM and GRUs. In this we can also use LSTM and GRUs. In this we can also use LSTM and GRUs. In this tutorial, we'll be discussing LSTMs that tutorial, we'll be discussing LSTMs that tutorial, we'll be discussing LSTMs that are long short-term memory units. Now, are long short-term memory units. Now, are long short-term memory units. Now, let us understand what exactly are let us understand what exactly are let us understand what exactly are LSTMs. So, guys, we saw what are the two LSTMs. So, guys, we saw what are the two LSTMs. So, guys, we saw what are the two limitations with the recurrent neural limitations with the recurrent neural limitations with the recurrent neural networks. Now, we'll understand how we networks. Now, we'll understand how we networks. Now, we'll understand how we can solve that with the help of LSTMs. can solve that with the help of LSTMs. can solve that with the help of LSTMs. Now, what are LSTMs? Long short-term Now, what are LSTMs? Long short-term Now, what are LSTMs? Long short-term memory networks usually called as LSTMs memory networks usually called as LSTMs memory networks usually called as LSTMs are nothing but a special kind of are nothing but a special kind of are nothing but a special kind of recurrent neural network and these recurrent neural network and these recurrent neural network and these recurrent neural networks are capable of recurrent neural networks are capable of recurrent neural networks are capable of learning long-term dependencies. Now learning long-term dependencies. Now learning long-term dependencies. Now what are long-term dependencies? I've what are long-term dependencies? I've what are long-term dependencies? I've discussed that in the previous slide but discussed that in the previous slide but discussed that in the previous slide but I'll just explain it to you here as I'll just explain it to you here as I'll just explain it to you here as well. Now what happens sometimes we only well. Now what happens sometimes we only well. Now what happens sometimes we only need to look at the recent information need to look at the recent information need to look at the recent information to perform the present task. Now let me to perform the present task. Now let me to perform the present task. Now let me give you an example. Consider a language give you an example. Consider a language give you an example. Consider a language model trying to predict the next word model trying to predict the next word model trying to predict the next word based on the previous ones. If we are based on the previous ones. If we are based on the previous ones. If we are trying to predict the last word in the trying to predict the last word in the trying to predict the last word in the sentence say the clouds are in the sky. sentence say the clouds are in the sky. sentence say the clouds are in the sky. So we don't need any further context. So we don't need any further context. So we don't need any further context. It's pretty obvious that the next word It's pretty obvious that the next word It's pretty obvious that the next word is going to be sky. Now in such cases is going to be sky. Now in such cases is going to be sky. Now in such cases where the gap between the relevant where the gap between the relevant where the gap between the relevant information and the place that it's information and the place that it's information and the place that it's needed is small. RNN's can learn to use needed is small. RNN's can learn to use needed is small. RNN's can learn to use the past information and at that time the past information and at that time the past information and at that time there would be such problems like there would be such problems like there would be such problems like vanishing and exploring gradient. But vanishing and exploring gradient. But vanishing and exploring gradient. But there are few cases where we need more there are few cases where we need more there are few cases where we need more context. Consider trying to predict the context. Consider trying to predict the context. Consider trying to predict the last word in the text. I grew up in last word in the text. I grew up in last word in the text. I grew up in France. Then there are some words after France. Then there are some words after France. Then there are some words after that comes I speak fluent French. Now that comes I speak fluent French. Now that comes I speak fluent French. Now recent information suggests that the recent information suggests that the recent information suggests that the next word is probably the name of a next word is probably the name of a next word is probably the name of a language. But if you want to narrow down language. But if you want to narrow down language. But if you want to narrow down which language we need the context of which language we need the context of which language we need the context of France from further back and it's France from further back and it's France from further back and it's entirely possible for the gap between entirely possible for the gap between entirely possible for the gap between the relevant information and the point the relevant information and the point the relevant information and the point where it is needed to become very large where it is needed to become very large where it is needed to become very large and this is nothing but long-term and this is nothing but long-term and this is nothing but long-term dependencies and the LSTMs are capable dependencies and the LSTMs are capable dependencies and the LSTMs are capable of handling such long-term dependencies. of handling such long-term dependencies. of handling such long-term dependencies. Now, LSTMs also have a chain-like Now, LSTMs also have a chain-like Now, LSTMs also have a chain-like structure like recurrent neural structure like recurrent neural structure like recurrent neural networks. Now, all the recurrent neural networks. Now, all the recurrent neural networks. Now, all the recurrent neural networks have the form of a chain of networks have the form of a chain of networks have the form of a chain of repeating modules of neural networks. repeating modules of neural networks. repeating modules of neural networks. Now, in standard RNN, the repeating Now, in standard RNN, the repeating Now, in standard RNN, the repeating module will have a very simple structure module will have a very simple structure module will have a very simple structure such as a single tan layer that you can such as a single tan layer that you can such as a single tan layer that you can see. Now, this tan layer is nothing but see. Now, this tan layer is nothing but see. Now, this tan layer is nothing but a squashing function. Now, what I mean a squashing function. Now, what I mean a squashing function. Now, what I mean by squashing function is to convert my by squashing function is to convert my by squashing function is to convert my values between minus1 and one. All values between minus1 and one. All values between minus1 and one. All right, that's why we use tanage. And right, that's why we use tanage. And right, that's why we use tanage. And this is an example of an RNN. Now we'll this is an example of an RNN. Now we'll this is an example of an RNN. Now we'll understand what exactly are LSTMs. Now understand what exactly are LSTMs. Now understand what exactly are LSTMs. Now this is a structure of an LSTM or if you this is a structure of an LSTM or if you this is a structure of an LSTM or if you notice LSTM also have a chain-like notice LSTM also have a chain-like notice LSTM also have a chain-like structure but the repeating module has structure but the repeating module has structure but the repeating module has different structures. Instead of having different structures. Instead of having different structures. Instead of having a single neural network here, there are a single neural network here, there are a single neural network here, there are four interacting in a very special way. four interacting in a very special way. four interacting in a very special way. Now the key to LSTM is the cell state. Now the key to LSTM is the cell state. Now the key to LSTM is the cell state. Now this particular line that I'm Now this particular line that I'm Now this particular line that I'm highlighting, this is what what is highlighting, this is what what is highlighting, this is what what is called the cell state. The horizontal called the cell state. The horizontal called the cell state. The horizontal line running through the top of the line running through the top of the line running through the top of the diagram. So this is nothing but your diagram. So this is nothing but your diagram. So this is nothing but your cell state. Now you can consider the cell state. Now you can consider the cell state. Now you can consider the cell state as a kind of a conveyor belt. cell state as a kind of a conveyor belt. cell state as a kind of a conveyor belt. It runs straight down the entire chain It runs straight down the entire chain It runs straight down the entire chain with only some minor linear with only some minor linear with only some minor linear interactions. Now what I'll do I'll give interactions. Now what I'll do I'll give interactions. Now what I'll do I'll give you a walk through of LSTM step by step. you a walk through of LSTM step by step. you a walk through of LSTM step by step. All right. So we'll start with the first All right. So we'll start with the first All right. So we'll start with the first step. All right guys, so the first step step. All right guys, so the first step step. All right guys, so the first step in our LSTM is to decide what in our LSTM is to decide what in our LSTM is to decide what information we are going to throw away information we are going to throw away information we are going to throw away from the cell state. And you know what from the cell state. And you know what from the cell state. And you know what is a cell state, right? I've discussed is a cell state, right? I've discussed is a cell state, right? I've discussed in the previous slide. Now this decision in the previous slide. Now this decision in the previous slide. Now this decision is made by the sigmoid layer. So the is made by the sigmoid layer. So the is made by the sigmoid layer. So the layer that I'm highlighting with my layer that I'm highlighting with my layer that I'm highlighting with my cursor, it is a sigmoid layer called the cursor, it is a sigmoid layer called the cursor, it is a sigmoid layer called the forget gate layer. It looks at HT minus forget gate layer. It looks at HT minus forget gate layer. It looks at HT minus one that is the information from the one that is the information from the one that is the information from the previous time stamp and XT which is a previous time stamp and XT which is a previous time stamp and XT which is a new input and outputs a number between new input and outputs a number between new input and outputs a number between zeros and one for each number in the zeros and one for each number in the zeros and one for each number in the cell state ct minus one which is coming cell state ct minus one which is coming cell state ct minus one which is coming from the previous time stamp. One from the previous time stamp. One from the previous time stamp. One represents completely keep this while at represents completely keep this while at represents completely keep this while at zero represents completely get rid of zero represents completely get rid of zero represents completely get rid of this. Now if we go back to our example this. Now if we go back to our example this. Now if we go back to our example of a language model trying to predict of a language model trying to predict of a language model trying to predict the next word based on all the previous the next word based on all the previous the next word based on all the previous ones. In such a problem the cell state ones. In such a problem the cell state ones. In such a problem the cell state might include the gender of the present might include the gender of the present might include the gender of the present subject so that the correct pronouns can subject so that the correct pronouns can subject so that the correct pronouns can be used. When we see a new subject we be used. When we see a new subject we be used. When we see a new subject we want to forget the gender of the old want to forget the gender of the old want to forget the gender of the old subject. Right? We want to use the subject. Right? We want to use the subject. Right? We want to use the gender of the new subject. So we'll gender of the new subject. So we'll gender of the new subject. So we'll forget the gender of the previous forget the gender of the previous forget the gender of the previous subject here. This is just an example to subject here. This is just an example to subject here. This is just an example to explain you what is happening here. Uh explain you what is happening here. Uh explain you what is happening here. Uh now let me explain you the equations now let me explain you the equations now let me explain you the equations which I've written here. So f_t will be which I've written here. So f_t will be which I've written here. So f_t will be combining with the sales state later on combining with the sales state later on combining with the sales state later on that I'll tell you. So currently f_t that I'll tell you. So currently f_t that I'll tell you. So currently f_t will be nothing but the weight matrix will be nothing but the weight matrix will be nothing but the weight matrix multiplied by ht minus one and xt and multiplied by ht minus one and xt and multiplied by ht minus one and xt and plus a bias and this equation is passed plus a bias and this equation is passed plus a bias and this equation is passed through a sigmoid layer. All right and through a sigmoid layer. All right and through a sigmoid layer. All right and we get an output that is 0 and one. 0 we get an output that is 0 and one. 0 we get an output that is 0 and one. 0 means completely get rid of this and one means completely get rid of this and one means completely get rid of this and one means completely keep this. All right. means completely keep this. All right. means completely keep this. All right. So this is what basically is happening So this is what basically is happening So this is what basically is happening in the first step. Now let us see what in the first step. Now let us see what in the first step. Now let us see what happens in the next step. So the next happens in the next step. So the next happens in the next step. So the next step is to decide what information we step is to decide what information we step is to decide what information we are going to store. In the previous step are going to store. In the previous step are going to store. In the previous step we decided what information we are going we decided what information we are going we decided what information we are going to keep. But here we are going to decide to keep. But here we are going to decide to keep. But here we are going to decide what information we are going to store what information we are going to store what information we are going to store here. All right. What new information we here. All right. What new information we here. All right. What new information we going to store in the cell state. Now going to store in the cell state. Now going to store in the cell state. Now this has two parts. First a sigmoid this has two parts. First a sigmoid this has two parts. First a sigmoid layer. This is called a sigmoid layer layer. This is called a sigmoid layer layer. This is called a sigmoid layer and which is also known as an input gate and which is also known as an input gate and which is also known as an input gate layer. Decide which values we'll update. layer. Decide which values we'll update. layer. Decide which values we'll update. All right. So what values we need to All right. So what values we need to All right. So what values we need to update. Then there's also a tan ash update. Then there's also a tan ash update. Then there's also a tan ash layer that creates a vector of the layer that creates a vector of the layer that creates a vector of the candidate values c bar of t minus one candidate values c bar of t minus one candidate values c bar of t minus one that will be added to the state later that will be added to the state later that will be added to the state later on. All right. So let me explain it to on. All right. So let me explain it to on. All right. So let me explain it to you in a simpler terms. So whatever you in a simpler terms. So whatever you in a simpler terms. So whatever input that we are getting from the input that we are getting from the input that we are getting from the previous time stamp and the new input it previous time stamp and the new input it previous time stamp and the new input it will be passed through an sigmoid will be passed through an sigmoid will be passed through an sigmoid function which will give us i of t. All function which will give us i of t. All function which will give us i of t. All right. And this I oft will be multiplied right. And this I oft will be multiplied right. And this I oft will be multiplied by CT which is nothing but the input by CT which is nothing but the input by CT which is nothing but the input coming from the previous time stamp and coming from the previous time stamp and coming from the previous time stamp and the new input with that is passed the new input with that is passed the new input with that is passed through a tan hatch that will result in through a tan hatch that will result in through a tan hatch that will result in CT and this will be later added onto our CT and this will be later added onto our CT and this will be later added onto our sales state and then next step we'll sales state and then next step we'll sales state and then next step we'll combine these two to update the states. combine these two to update the states. combine these two to update the states. Now let me explain the equations. So I Now let me explain the equations. So I Now let me explain the equations. So I oft will be what weight matrix and then oft will be what weight matrix and then oft will be what weight matrix and then we have HD minus 1 comma XT multiplied we have HD minus 1 comma XT multiplied we have HD minus 1 comma XT multiplied by the weight matrix plus the bias pass by the weight matrix plus the bias pass by the weight matrix plus the bias pass it through a sigmoid function we get I it through a sigmoid function we get I it through a sigmoid function we get I oft C bar of T we'll get by passing a oft C bar of T we'll get by passing a oft C bar of T we'll get by passing a weight matrix HD minus1 XT plus bias weight matrix HD minus1 XT plus bias weight matrix HD minus1 XT plus bias through a tan squashing function and through a tan squashing function and through a tan squashing function and we'll get C bar of T all right so as we'll get C bar of T all right so as we'll get C bar of T all right so as I've told you earlier is where the next I've told you earlier is where the next I've told you earlier is where the next step we'll combine these two to update step we'll combine these two to update step we'll combine these two to update the state let us see how we do that so the state let us see how we do that so the state let us see how we do that so now is the time to update the old cell now is the time to update the old cell now is the time to update the old cell state CT minus one with the new cell state CT minus one with the new cell state CT minus one with the new cell state CT all right And the previous state CT all right And the previous state CT all right And the previous steps we have already decided what to steps we have already decided what to steps we have already decided what to do. We just need to actually do it. So do. We just need to actually do it. So do. We just need to actually do it. So what we'll do? We'll multiply the old what we'll do? We'll multiply the old what we'll do? We'll multiply the old cell state CT minus one with FT that we cell state CT minus one with FT that we cell state CT minus one with FT that we got in the first step. Forgetting the got in the first step. Forgetting the got in the first step. Forgetting the things that we decided to forget earlier things that we decided to forget earlier things that we decided to forget earlier in the first step if you can recall. in the first step if you can recall. in the first step if you can recall. Then what we do? We add it to it and CT. Then what we do? We add it to it and CT. Then what we do? We add it to it and CT. Then we add it by the term that will Then we add it by the term that will Then we add it by the term that will come after multiplication of it and C come after multiplication of it and C come after multiplication of it and C bar. And this new candidate value scaled bar. And this new candidate value scaled bar. And this new candidate value scaled by how much we decided to update each by how much we decided to update each by how much we decided to update each state value. All right. So in the case state value. All right. So in the case state value. All right. So in the case of the language model that we were of the language model that we were of the language model that we were discussing, this is where we would discussing, this is where we would discussing, this is where we would actually drop the information about the actually drop the information about the actually drop the information about the old subject gender and add the new old subject gender and add the new old subject gender and add the new information as we decided in the information as we decided in the information as we decided in the previous steps. So I hope you are able previous steps. So I hope you are able previous steps. So I hope you are able to follow me guys. All right. So let us to follow me guys. All right. So let us to follow me guys. All right. So let us move forward and we'll see what is the move forward and we'll see what is the move forward and we'll see what is the next step. Now our last step is to next step. Now our last step is to next step. Now our last step is to decide what we are going to output and decide what we are going to output and decide what we are going to output and this output will depend on our cell this output will depend on our cell this output will depend on our cell state [snorts] but it'll be a filtered state [snorts] but it'll be a filtered state [snorts] but it'll be a filtered version. Now finally what we need to do version. Now finally what we need to do version. Now finally what we need to do is we need to decide what we are going is we need to decide what we are going is we need to decide what we are going to output and this output will be based to output and this output will be based to output and this output will be based on our cell state. First we need to pass on our cell state. First we need to pass on our cell state. First we need to pass HD minus1 and X3 through a sigmoid HD minus1 and X3 through a sigmoid HD minus1 and X3 through a sigmoid activation function so that we get a activation function so that we get a activation function so that we get a output that is OT. All right. And this output that is OT. All right. And this output that is OT. All right. And this OT will be in turn multiplied by the OT will be in turn multiplied by the OT will be in turn multiplied by the cell state after passing it through a cell state after passing it through a cell state after passing it through a tanach squashing function or an tanach squashing function or an tanach squashing function or an activation function. And why we do that? activation function. And why we do that? activation function. And why we do that? Just to push the values between minus1 Just to push the values between minus1 Just to push the values between minus1 and one. So after multiplying OT that is and one. So after multiplying OT that is and one. So after multiplying OT that is this value and a tan hct we'll get the this value and a tan hct we'll get the this value and a tan hct we'll get the output h2 which will be our new output output h2 which will be our new output output h2 which will be our new output and that will only output the part that and that will only output the part that and that will only output the part that we decided to whatever we have decided we decided to whatever we have decided we decided to whatever we have decided in the previous steps it will only in the previous steps it will only in the previous steps it will only output that value. All right. Now, I'll output that value. All right. Now, I'll output that value. All right. Now, I'll take the example of the language model take the example of the language model take the example of the language model again. Since it just saw a subject, it again. Since it just saw a subject, it again. Since it just saw a subject, it might want to output information might want to output information might want to output information relevant to a verb. And in case that's relevant to a verb. And in case that's relevant to a verb. And in case that's what is coming next, for example, it what is coming next, for example, it what is coming next, for example, it might output whether the subject is might output whether the subject is might output whether the subject is singular or plural so that we know what singular or plural so that we know what singular or plural so that we know what form of a verb should be conjugated form of a verb should be conjugated form of a verb should be conjugated into. All right? And you can see from into. All right? And you can see from into. All right? And you can see from the you can see the equations as well. the you can see the equations as well. the you can see the equations as well. Again, we have a sigmoid function. then Again, we have a sigmoid function. then Again, we have a sigmoid function. then that uh whatever output we get from that uh whatever output we get from that uh whatever output we get from there we multiply it with tanatchect ct there we multiply it with tanatchect ct there we multiply it with tanatchect ct to get the new output. All right guys so to get the new output. All right guys so to get the new output. All right guys so this is basically LSTMs in a nutshell. this is basically LSTMs in a nutshell. this is basically LSTMs in a nutshell. So in the first step we decided what we So in the first step we decided what we So in the first step we decided what we need to forget. In the next step we need to forget. In the next step we need to forget. In the next step we decided what are we going to add to our decided what are we going to add to our decided what are we going to add to our cell state? What new information we are cell state? What new information we are cell state? What new information we are going to add to our cell state and we going to add to our cell state and we going to add to our cell state and we were taking an example of the gender were taking an example of the gender were taking an example of the gender throughout this whole process. All right throughout this whole process. All right throughout this whole process. All right and in the third step what we do we and in the third step what we do we and in the third step what we do we actually combined it to get the new cell actually combined it to get the new cell actually combined it to get the new cell state. Now in the fourth step what we state. Now in the fourth step what we state. Now in the fourth step what we did we finally got the output that we did we finally got the output that we did we finally got the output that we want and how we did that just by passing want and how we did that just by passing want and how we did that just by passing HD minus one and XT through a sigmoid HD minus one and XT through a sigmoid HD minus one and XT through a sigmoid function multiplying it with the tan at function multiplying it with the tan at function multiplying it with the tan at CT the tan new cell state and we get the CT the tan new cell state and we get the CT the tan new cell state and we get the new output fine guys so this is what new output fine guys so this is what new output fine guys so this is what basically LSTM is guys now we'll look at basically LSTM is guys now we'll look at basically LSTM is guys now we'll look at a use case where we'll be using LSTM to a use case where we'll be using LSTM to a use case where we'll be using LSTM to predict the next word in a sentence all predict the next word in a sentence all predict the next word in a sentence all right let me show you how we are going right let me show you how we are going right let me show you how we are going to do that so this is what we are trying to do that so this is what we are trying to do that so this is what we are trying to do in our use case guys we'll feed to do in our use case guys we'll feed to do in our use case guys we'll feed LSTM with correct sequences from the LSTM with correct sequences from the LSTM with correct sequences from the text of three symbols. For example, had text of three symbols. For example, had text of three symbols. For example, had a general and a label that is council in a general and a label that is council in a general and a label that is council in this particular example. Eventually, our this particular example. Eventually, our this particular example. Eventually, our network will learn to predict the next network will learn to predict the next network will learn to predict the next symbol correctly. So, obviously, we need symbol correctly. So, obviously, we need symbol correctly. So, obviously, we need to train it on something. Let us see to train it on something. Let us see to train it on something. Let us see what we are going to train it on. So, what we are going to train it on. So, what we are going to train it on. So, we'll be training our LSTM to predict we'll be training our LSTM to predict we'll be training our LSTM to predict the next word using a sample short story the next word using a sample short story the next word using a sample short story that you can see over here. All right. that you can see over here. All right. that you can see over here. All right. So, it has basically 112 unique symbols. So, it has basically 112 unique symbols. So, it has basically 112 unique symbols. So, even comma and full stop are So, even comma and full stop are So, even comma and full stop are considered as symbols. All right. So considered as symbols. All right. So considered as symbols. All right. So this is what we are going to train it this is what we are going to train it this is what we are going to train it on. So technically we know that LSTMs on. So technically we know that LSTMs on. So technically we know that LSTMs can only understand real numbers. All can only understand real numbers. All can only understand real numbers. All right. So what we need to do is we need right. So what we need to do is we need right. So what we need to do is we need to convert these unique symbols into a to convert these unique symbols into a to convert these unique symbols into a unique integer value based on the unique integer value based on the unique integer value based on the frequency of occurrence. And like that frequency of occurrence. And like that frequency of occurrence. And like that we'll create a dictionary. For example, we'll create a dictionary. For example, we'll create a dictionary. For example, we have had here that will have value we have had here that will have value we have had here that will have value 20. A will have value six. General will 20. A will have value six. General will 20. A will have value six. General will have value 33. All right. And then what have value 33. All right. And then what have value 33. All right. And then what happens? Our LSTM will create a 112 happens? Our LSTM will create a 112 happens? Our LSTM will create a 112 element vector that will contain the element vector that will contain the element vector that will contain the probability of each of these words or probability of each of these words or probability of each of these words or each of these unique integer values. All each of these unique integer values. All each of these unique integer values. All right. So since 6 has the highest right. So since 6 has the highest right. So since 6 has the highest probability in this particular vector, probability in this particular vector, probability in this particular vector, it will pick the index value of 6. Then it will pick the index value of 6. Then it will pick the index value of 6. Then it will see what symbol is attached to it will see what symbol is attached to it will see what symbol is attached to that particular integer value. So 37 is that particular integer value. So 37 is that particular integer value. So 37 is attached to council. So this will be our attached to council. So this will be our attached to council. So this will be our prediction which is absolutely correct prediction which is absolutely correct prediction which is absolutely correct as a label is also council according to as a label is also council according to as a label is also council according to our training data. All right. So this is our training data. All right. So this is our training data. All right. So this is what we are going to do in our use case. what we are going to do in our use case. what we are going to do in our use case. So guys, this is what we'll be doing in So guys, this is what we'll be doing in So guys, this is what we'll be doing in our today's use case. Now I'll quickly our today's use case. Now I'll quickly our today's use case. Now I'll quickly open my PyCharm and I'll show you how open my PyCharm and I'll show you how open my PyCharm and I'll show you how you can implement it using Python. We'll you can implement it using Python. We'll you can implement it using Python. We'll be using TensorFlow which is a popular be using TensorFlow which is a popular be using TensorFlow which is a popular Python library for implementing deep Python library for implementing deep Python library for implementing deep neural networks or neural networks in neural networks or neural networks in neural networks or neural networks in general. All right. So I'll quickly open general. All right. So I'll quickly open general. All right. So I'll quickly open my PyCharm now. So guys, this is my my PyCharm now. So guys, this is my my PyCharm now. So guys, this is my PyCharm and I over here I've already PyCharm and I over here I've already PyCharm and I over here I've already written the code in order to execute the written the code in order to execute the written the code in order to execute the use case that we have. So first we need use case that we have. So first we need use case that we have. So first we need to do is import the libraries. numpy for to do is import the libraries. numpy for to do is import the libraries. numpy for arrays tensorflow we know tensorflow arrays tensorflow we know tensorflow arrays tensorflow we know tensorflow contra from that we need to import rnn contra from that we need to import rnn contra from that we need to import rnn and random collections in time all right and random collections in time all right and random collections in time all right so this particular block of code is used so this particular block of code is used so this particular block of code is used to evaluate the time taken for the to evaluate the time taken for the to evaluate the time taken for the training after that we have log path and training after that we have log path and training after that we have log path and this log path is basically telling us a this log path is basically telling us a this log path is basically telling us a path where the graph will be stored all path where the graph will be stored all path where the graph will be stored all right so there will be a graph that will right so there will be a graph that will right so there will be a graph that will be created and then that graph will be be created and then that graph will be be created and then that graph will be launched then only our rnn model will be launched then only our rnn model will be launched then only our rnn model will be executed then that's how tensorflow work executed then that's how tensorflow work executed then that's how tensorflow work guys so that graph will be created in guys so that graph will be created in guys so that graph will be created in this particular path this particular path this particular path All right. And we are using summary All right. And we are using summary All right. And we are using summary writer. So that will actually create the writer. So that will actually create the writer. So that will actually create the log file that will be used in order to log file that will be used in order to log file that will be used in order to display the graph using tensorboard. All display the graph using tensorboard. All display the graph using tensorboard. All right. So then we have defined a right. So then we have defined a right. So then we have defined a training file which will have our story training file which will have our story training file which will have our story on which we'll train our model on. Then on which we'll train our model on. Then on which we'll train our model on. Then what we need to do is read this file. So what we need to do is read this file. So what we need to do is read this file. So how are we going to do that? First is uh how are we going to do that? First is uh how are we going to do that? First is uh read line by line whatever content that read line by line whatever content that read line by line whatever content that we have in our file. Then we are going we have in our file. Then we are going we have in our file. Then we are going to strip it. That means we are going to to strip it. That means we are going to to strip it. That means we are going to uh remove the first and the last white uh remove the first and the last white uh remove the first and the last white space. Then again we are splitting it space. Then again we are splitting it space. Then again we are splitting it just to remove all the white spaces that just to remove all the white spaces that just to remove all the white spaces that are there. After that we're creating an are there. After that we're creating an are there. After that we're creating an array and then we are reshaping it. Now array and then we are reshaping it. Now array and then we are reshaping it. Now in during the reshape if you notice this in during the reshape if you notice this in during the reshape if you notice this minus one value tells us the minus one value tells us the minus one value tells us the compatibility. All right. So when you're compatibility. All right. So when you're compatibility. All right. So when you're reshaping it you need to make sure that reshaping it you need to make sure that reshaping it you need to make sure that uh you know we are providing it the uh you know we are providing it the uh you know we are providing it the correct parameters to reshape it. So you correct parameters to reshape it. So you correct parameters to reshape it. So you can convert a 3 +2 matrix to a 2 +3 can convert a 3 +2 matrix to a 2 +3 can convert a 3 +2 matrix to a 2 +3 matrix like right. So just to make sure matrix like right. So just to make sure matrix like right. So just to make sure that that it is compatible enough we add that that it is compatible enough we add that that it is compatible enough we add this minus one and it'll be done this minus one and it'll be done this minus one and it'll be done automatically. All right. Then return automatically. All right. Then return automatically. All right. Then return content. After that, what we are doing? content. After that, what we are doing? content. After that, what we are doing? We are feeding in the training data that We are feeding in the training data that We are feeding in the training data that we have. Training file. We are feeding we have. Training file. We are feeding we have. Training file. We are feeding in our story and calling the function in our story and calling the function in our story and calling the function readers data. Then what we are doing? We readers data. Then what we are doing? We readers data. Then what we are doing? We are creating a dictionary. What is a are creating a dictionary. What is a are creating a dictionary. What is a dictionary? We all know key value pairs dictionary? We all know key value pairs dictionary? We all know key value pairs based on the frequency of occurrences of based on the frequency of occurrences of based on the frequency of occurrences of each symbol. All right. So from here each symbol. All right. So from here each symbol. All right. So from here collections counter words domost common. collections counter words domost common. collections counter words domost common. So most common words with their So most common words with their So most common words with their frequency of occurrence there will be a frequency of occurrence there will be a frequency of occurrence there will be a dictionary created. And after that we'll dictionary created. And after that we'll dictionary created. And after that we'll call this dict function. And this dict call this dict function. And this dict call this dict function. And this dict function will feed in word and which is function will feed in word and which is function will feed in word and which is equal to length of dictionary. That equal to length of dictionary. That equal to length of dictionary. That means whatever the length of that means whatever the length of that means whatever the length of that particular dictionary is how many time particular dictionary is how many time particular dictionary is how many time it is repeated. So we'll have the it is repeated. So we'll have the it is repeated. So we'll have the frequency as well as a symbol that will frequency as well as a symbol that will frequency as well as a symbol that will be our key value pair and we reversing be our key value pair and we reversing be our key value pair and we reversing it as well. Then what we are doing we it as well. Then what we are doing we it as well. Then what we are doing we are calling it build data set and we're are calling it build data set and we're are calling it build data set and we're feeding in our training data there. This feeding in our training data there. This feeding in our training data there. This is our vocabulary size which is nothing is our vocabulary size which is nothing is our vocabulary size which is nothing but the length of your dictionary. Then but the length of your dictionary. Then but the length of your dictionary. Then we have defined various parameters such we have defined various parameters such we have defined various parameters such as learning rate, iterations or epochs. as learning rate, iterations or epochs. as learning rate, iterations or epochs. Then we have display step n input. Now Then we have display step n input. Now Then we have display step n input. Now learning rate we all know what it is. Uh learning rate we all know what it is. Uh learning rate we all know what it is. Uh the steps in which our variables are the steps in which our variables are the steps in which our variables are updated. Training iterations is nothing updated. Training iterations is nothing updated. Training iterations is nothing but your epoch the total number of but your epoch the total number of but your epoch the total number of iterations. So we have given 50,000 iterations. So we have given 50,000 iterations. So we have given 50,000 iterations here. Then we have display iterations here. Then we have display iterations here. Then we have display step that is th00and which is basically step that is th00and which is basically step that is th00and which is basically your batch size. So batch size is what your batch size. So batch size is what your batch size. So batch size is what after every thousand epox you'll see the after every thousand epox you'll see the after every thousand epox you'll see the output. All right. So it'll be output. All right. So it'll be output. All right. So it'll be processing it in batches of thousand processing it in batches of thousand processing it in batches of thousand iterations. Then we have n input as iterations. Then we have n input as iterations. Then we have n input as three. Now the number of units in the three. Now the number of units in the three. Now the number of units in the RNN cell we'll keep it as 512. Then we RNN cell we'll keep it as 512. Then we RNN cell we'll keep it as 512. Then we need to define X and Y. So X will be our need to define X and Y. So X will be our need to define X and Y. So X will be our placeholder that will have the input placeholder that will have the input placeholder that will have the input values and Y will have all the labels. values and Y will have all the labels. values and Y will have all the labels. All right, vocab size. So X is a All right, vocab size. So X is a All right, vocab size. So X is a placeholder where we'll be feeding in placeholder where we'll be feeding in placeholder where we'll be feeding in our input dictionary. Similarly, Y is our input dictionary. Similarly, Y is our input dictionary. Similarly, Y is also one more placeholder and it'll have also one more placeholder and it'll have also one more placeholder and it'll have a shape of none, vocab size. Vocap size a shape of none, vocab size. Vocap size a shape of none, vocab size. Vocap size we have defined earlier as you can see we have defined earlier as you can see we have defined earlier as you can see which is nothing but the length of your which is nothing but the length of your which is nothing but the length of your dictionary. Then we are defining weights dictionary. Then we are defining weights dictionary. Then we are defining weights as well as biases. After that we have as well as biases. After that we have as well as biases. After that we have defined our model. All right. So this is defined our model. All right. So this is defined our model. All right. So this is how we are going to define it. We'll how we are going to define it. We'll how we are going to define it. We'll create a function RNN when we'll have X create a function RNN when we'll have X create a function RNN when we'll have X weights and biases. And after that we weights and biases. And after that we weights and biases. And after that we are calling in RNN. RNN cell function. are calling in RNN. RNN cell function. are calling in RNN. RNN cell function. And this is basically to create a And this is basically to create a And this is basically to create a two-layer LSTM. And each layer has N two-layer LSTM. And each layer has N two-layer LSTM. And each layer has N hidden units. After that what we are hidden units. After that what we are hidden units. After that what we are doing we're generating the predictions. doing we're generating the predictions. doing we're generating the predictions. But once we have generated the But once we have generated the But once we have generated the prediction there are n_input outputs but prediction there are n_input outputs but prediction there are n_input outputs but we only want the last output. All right. we only want the last output. All right. we only want the last output. All right. So for that we have written this So for that we have written this So for that we have written this particular line and then finally we are particular line and then finally we are particular line and then finally we are making a prediction. We are calling this making a prediction. We are calling this making a prediction. We are calling this RNN function feeding in x weights and RNN function feeding in x weights and RNN function feeding in x weights and biases. After that we are calculating biases. After that we are calculating biases. After that we are calculating the loss as and then we are optimizing the loss as and then we are optimizing the loss as and then we are optimizing it. For calculating the ROSS we are it. For calculating the ROSS we are it. For calculating the ROSS we are using reduce mean softmax cross entropy using reduce mean softmax cross entropy using reduce mean softmax cross entropy and this will give us basically the and this will give us basically the and this will give us basically the probability of each symbol and then we probability of each symbol and then we probability of each symbol and then we are optimizing it using RMS prop are optimizing it using RMS prop are optimizing it using RMS prop optimizer. All right and this gives optimizer. All right and this gives optimizer. All right and this gives actually a better accuracy than atom actually a better accuracy than atom actually a better accuracy than atom optimizer and that's the reason why we optimizer and that's the reason why we optimizer and that's the reason why we are using it. Then we are going to are using it. Then we are going to are using it. Then we are going to calculate the accuracy and after that we calculate the accuracy and after that we calculate the accuracy and after that we are going to initialize the variables are going to initialize the variables are going to initialize the variables that we have used as we have seen in that we have used as we have seen in that we have used as we have seen in tensorflow that we need to initialize tensorflow that we need to initialize tensorflow that we need to initialize all the variables unlike constants and all the variables unlike constants and all the variables unlike constants and placeholders in tensorflow. All right. placeholders in tensorflow. All right. placeholders in tensorflow. All right. And once we are done with that, we are And once we are done with that, we are And once we are done with that, we are feeding in our values, then calculating feeding in our values, then calculating feeding in our values, then calculating the accuracy, how accurate it is. And the accuracy, how accurate it is. And the accuracy, how accurate it is. And then when optimization is done, we are then when optimization is done, we are then when optimization is done, we are calculating the elapse time as well. So calculating the elapse time as well. So calculating the elapse time as well. So that will give us how much time it took that will give us how much time it took that will give us how much time it took in order to train our model. Then this in order to train our model. Then this in order to train our model. Then this is just to run the tensorboard on a is just to run the tensorboard on a is just to run the tensorboard on a local host 6006. And uh yeah, and this local host 6006. And uh yeah, and this local host 6006. And uh yeah, and this particular block of code is is used in particular block of code is is used in particular block of code is is used in order to handle the exceptions. So order to handle the exceptions. So order to handle the exceptions. So exceptions can be like whatever word exceptions can be like whatever word exceptions can be like whatever word that we are putting in might not be that we are putting in might not be that we are putting in might not be there in our dictionary or might not be there in our dictionary or might not be there in our dictionary or might not be there in our training data. So those there in our training data. So those there in our training data. So those exceptions will be handled here and if exceptions will be handled here and if exceptions will be handled here and if it is not there in our dictionary then it is not there in our dictionary then it is not there in our dictionary then it'll print word not in a dictionary. it'll print word not in a dictionary. it'll print word not in a dictionary. All right. So fine guys let's uh input All right. So fine guys let's uh input All right. So fine guys let's uh input some values and we'll have some fun with some values and we'll have some fun with some values and we'll have some fun with this model. All right. So the first uh this model. All right. So the first uh this model. All right. So the first uh thing that I'm going to feed in is had a thing that I'm going to feed in is had a thing that I'm going to feed in is had a general. So whenever I feed in these general. So whenever I feed in these general. So whenever I feed in these three values had a general there'll be a three values had a general there'll be a three values had a general there'll be a story that will be generated by feeding story that will be generated by feeding story that will be generated by feeding back the predicted output as the next back the predicted output as the next back the predicted output as the next symbol in the inputs. All right. So when symbol in the inputs. All right. So when symbol in the inputs. All right. So when I feed in had a general so it'll predict I feed in had a general so it'll predict I feed in had a general so it'll predict the correct output as council and this the correct output as council and this the correct output as council and this council will be fed back as a part of council will be fed back as a part of council will be fed back as a part of the new input and our new input will be the new input and our new input will be the new input and our new input will be a general council. So it'll be a general a general council. So it'll be a general a general council. So it'll be a general council. All right. So these three words council. All right. So these three words council. All right. So these three words will become our new input to predict the will become our new input to predict the will become our new input to predict the new output which is two. All right and new output which is two. All right and new output which is two. All right and so on. So surprisingly LSTM actually so on. So surprisingly LSTM actually so on. So surprisingly LSTM actually creates a story that you know somehow creates a story that you know somehow creates a story that you know somehow makes sense. So let's just read it. Had makes sense. So let's just read it. Had makes sense. So let's just read it. Had a general counselor to consider what a general counselor to consider what a general counselor to consider what measures they could take to outwit their measures they could take to outwit their measures they could take to outwit their common enemy the cat. By this means we common enemy the cat. By this means we common enemy the cat. By this means we should always know when she was about should always know when she was about should always know when she was about and could easily All right. So somehow and could easily All right. So somehow and could easily All right. So somehow it actually makes sense when you feed in it actually makes sense when you feed in it actually makes sense when you feed in that. So what will happen when you feed that. So what will happen when you feed that. So what will happen when you feed in these three inputs? It'll predict the in these three inputs? It'll predict the in these three inputs? It'll predict the next word that is council. After that next word that is council. After that next word that is council. After that it'll take council and it'll feed back it'll take council and it'll feed back it'll take council and it'll feed back as an input along with a general. So as an input along with a general. So as an input along with a general. So earth general council will be your next earth general council will be your next earth general council will be your next input to predict two. Similarly in the input to predict two. Similarly in the input to predict two. Similarly in the next iteration it will take general next iteration it will take general next iteration it will take general council 2 and predict consider for us council 2 and predict consider for us council 2 and predict consider for us and this will keep on repeating. and this will keep on repeating. and this will keep on repeating. [music] So now what exactly is deep learning So now what exactly is deep learning So now what exactly is deep learning right? Well before we go and understand right? Well before we go and understand right? Well before we go and understand what is deep learning let me quickly what is deep learning let me quickly what is deep learning let me quickly walk you through the chronology over walk you through the chronology over walk you through the chronology over here. Starting off with AI, right? AI or here. Starting off with AI, right? AI or here. Starting off with AI, right? AI or artificial intelligence is basically an artificial intelligence is basically an artificial intelligence is basically an entire thing. Okay. So what I'm trying entire thing. Okay. So what I'm trying entire thing. Okay. So what I'm trying to say here is AI is an area of computer to say here is AI is an area of computer to say here is AI is an area of computer science that emphasizes the creation of science that emphasizes the creation of science that emphasizes the creation of intelligence within the machine to work intelligence within the machine to work intelligence within the machine to work and react like human beings. In short, and react like human beings. In short, and react like human beings. In short, here we are trying to have a capability here we are trying to have a capability here we are trying to have a capability of machines to imitate the intelligence of machines to imitate the intelligence of machines to imitate the intelligence of a human behavior. Then we have of a human behavior. Then we have of a human behavior. Then we have machine learning. All right. Machine machine learning. All right. Machine machine learning. All right. Machine learning is basically a science of learning is basically a science of learning is basically a science of getting computers to act by feeding them getting computers to act by feeding them getting computers to act by feeding them up previous data. Yeah. Previous data up previous data. Yeah. Previous data up previous data. Yeah. Previous data can also be referred to as historical can also be referred to as historical can also be referred to as historical data. So deep learning data. So deep learning data. So deep learning subset of machine subset of machine subset of machine learning and here we learning and here we learning and here we see neur algorithms and techniques which see neur algorithms and techniques which see neur algorithms and techniques which are modeled in accordance with. are modeled in accordance with. are modeled in accordance with. All right. So what exactly is deep All right. So what exactly is deep All right. So what exactly is deep learning? Right. Well, deep learning is learning? Right. Well, deep learning is learning? Right. Well, deep learning is a part of a broad family of machine a part of a broad family of machine a part of a broad family of machine learning methods which are based on learning methods which are based on learning methods which are based on learning data patterns in opposition to learning data patterns in opposition to learning data patterns in opposition to what a machine learning algorithm does. what a machine learning algorithm does. what a machine learning algorithm does. In machine learning, we have algorithms In machine learning, we have algorithms In machine learning, we have algorithms for a specific task. Okay. Here the deep for a specific task. Okay. Here the deep for a specific task. Okay. Here the deep learning algorithm can be supervised, learning algorithm can be supervised, learning algorithm can be supervised, semi-supervised or unsupervised. As I semi-supervised or unsupervised. As I semi-supervised or unsupervised. As I mentioned earlier, deep learning is mentioned earlier, deep learning is mentioned earlier, deep learning is inspired by human brain and how it inspired by human brain and how it inspired by human brain and how it perceives information through perceives information through perceives information through interaction of neurons. All right. So, interaction of neurons. All right. So, interaction of neurons. All right. So, let us now see what exactly can we do let us now see what exactly can we do let us now see what exactly can we do with deep learning. Okay, but before we with deep learning. Okay, but before we with deep learning. Okay, but before we go there, so why should we choose deep go there, so why should we choose deep go there, so why should we choose deep learning for you know various task? So learning for you know various task? So learning for you know various task? So the big advantage of using deep learning the big advantage of using deep learning the big advantage of using deep learning is that we can extract more number of is that we can extract more number of is that we can extract more number of features and when we have more number of features and when we have more number of features and when we have more number of features and when we can work at the features and when we can work at the features and when we can work at the same time with huge amount of data, we same time with huge amount of data, we same time with huge amount of data, we can perceive an object like a human can perceive an object like a human can perceive an object like a human being does. What I'm trying to say over being does. What I'm trying to say over being does. What I'm trying to say over here is like if you want to perform a here is like if you want to perform a here is like if you want to perform a classification task between pen and a classification task between pen and a classification task between pen and a pencil, you'll obviously know as a human pencil, you'll obviously know as a human pencil, you'll obviously know as a human being you'll know the difference because being you'll know the difference because being you'll know the difference because you have look at a pen and a pencil you have look at a pen and a pencil you have look at a pen and a pencil continuous number of times. And now when continuous number of times. And now when continuous number of times. And now when you're trying to actually classify it, you're trying to actually classify it, you're trying to actually classify it, you can do it with ease. Okay. And the you can do it with ease. Okay. And the you can do it with ease. Okay. And the reason for this is because you know the reason for this is because you know the reason for this is because you know the features of a pen and you know the features of a pen and you know the features of a pen and you know the features of a pencil. Okay. Similarly, features of a pencil. Okay. Similarly, features of a pencil. Okay. Similarly, this is how deep learning works. More this is how deep learning works. More this is how deep learning works. More the data you feed, more the dimensions the data you feed, more the dimensions the data you feed, more the dimensions it can analyze, more the dimensions it it can analyze, more the dimensions it it can analyze, more the dimensions it can learn. All right. So as I've already can learn. All right. So as I've already can learn. All right. So as I've already mentioned, one of the most popular mentioned, one of the most popular mentioned, one of the most popular application of deep learning is image application of deep learning is image application of deep learning is image classification. And when it comes to classification. And when it comes to classification. And when it comes to image classification, it can be image classification, it can be image classification, it can be something as simple as classifying something as simple as classifying something as simple as classifying between two different animals to between two different animals to between two different animals to something as complicated as you know something as complicated as you know something as complicated as you know hiding data or trying to run automated hiding data or trying to run automated hiding data or trying to run automated cars using classification task. Okay. cars using classification task. Okay. cars using classification task. Okay. All right. So next type of application All right. So next type of application All right. So next type of application using deep learning is using on using deep learning is using on using deep learning is using on sequential data. Sequential data sequential data. Sequential data sequential data. Sequential data basically refers to something like time basically refers to something like time basically refers to something like time series data or having to understand series data or having to understand series data or having to understand natural language. So the reason why we natural language. So the reason why we natural language. So the reason why we call it sequential data is because here call it sequential data is because here call it sequential data is because here the previous word or the previous the previous word or the previous the previous word or the previous feature is dependent upon the next feature is dependent upon the next feature is dependent upon the next feature. Okay. So as you can see over feature. Okay. So as you can see over feature. Okay. So as you can see over here we have what time is it right? So here we have what time is it right? So here we have what time is it right? So if I just say it is like over here what if I just say it is like over here what if I just say it is like over here what time is and it are basically features time is and it are basically features time is and it are basically features right and in order for you to make an right and in order for you to make an right and in order for you to make an analogy or to understand obviously have analogy or to understand obviously have analogy or to understand obviously have to know what has happened in the past. to know what has happened in the past. to know what has happened in the past. So in order to do this we use something So in order to do this we use something So in order to do this we use something called as RNN. Okay. And there are called as RNN. Okay. And there are called as RNN. Okay. And there are various versions of RNN that go around various versions of RNN that go around various versions of RNN that go around in order to overcome the disadvantages in order to overcome the disadvantages in order to overcome the disadvantages which we'll look in in some time. All which we'll look in in some time. All which we'll look in in some time. All right. So moving on to the next right. So moving on to the next right. So moving on to the next application that is GANs. GANs which application that is GANs. GANs which application that is GANs. GANs which stands for generative adversarial stands for generative adversarial stands for generative adversarial network is an unsupervised part of a network is an unsupervised part of a network is an unsupervised part of a deep learning application. Some of the deep learning application. Some of the deep learning application. Some of the common application which you can see in common application which you can see in common application which you can see in recent days is nothing but deep fakes recent days is nothing but deep fakes recent days is nothing but deep fakes and many more. Finally coming down to and many more. Finally coming down to and many more. Finally coming down to performing classification and regression performing classification and regression performing classification and regression task using multi-layer perceptron. If task using multi-layer perceptron. If task using multi-layer perceptron. If you remember or if you're well versed you remember or if you're well versed you remember or if you're well versed with machine learning in order to with machine learning in order to with machine learning in order to perform classification in machine perform classification in machine perform classification in machine learning we had algorithms like decision learning we had algorithms like decision learning we had algorithms like decision tree random forest or something very tree random forest or something very tree random forest or something very simple as linear regression or logistic simple as linear regression or logistic simple as linear regression or logistic regression. But let me tell you what regression. But let me tell you what regression. But let me tell you what when we try to perform classification when we try to perform classification when we try to perform classification using MLP or multi-layer perceptron we using MLP or multi-layer perceptron we using MLP or multi-layer perceptron we get a very high accuracy even compared get a very high accuracy even compared get a very high accuracy even compared to SVM and decision trees. All right. So to SVM and decision trees. All right. So to SVM and decision trees. All right. So now that we know what exactly is deep now that we know what exactly is deep now that we know what exactly is deep learning and why we use it, let's now learning and why we use it, let's now learning and why we use it, let's now stream down to understand how can we stream down to understand how can we stream down to understand how can we process natural language data using RNN. process natural language data using RNN. process natural language data using RNN. So what are RNN's right? Well, RNN So what are RNN's right? Well, RNN So what are RNN's right? Well, RNN basically stand for recurrent neural basically stand for recurrent neural basically stand for recurrent neural network and we usually use this in order network and we usually use this in order network and we usually use this in order to deal with a sequential data. to deal with a sequential data. to deal with a sequential data. Sequential data can be something like a Sequential data can be something like a Sequential data can be something like a time series data or a textual data of time series data or a textual data of time series data or a textual data of any format. So why should one use RNN, any format. So why should one use RNN, any format. So why should one use RNN, right? Well, this is because there's a right? Well, this is because there's a right? Well, this is because there's a concept of internal memory here. RNN can concept of internal memory here. RNN can concept of internal memory here. RNN can remember important things about the remember important things about the remember important things about the input it has received which allows them input it has received which allows them input it has received which allows them to be very precise in predicting what to be very precise in predicting what to be very precise in predicting what can be the next outcome. So this is the can be the next outcome. So this is the can be the next outcome. So this is the reason why they are performed or reason why they are performed or reason why they are performed or preferred on a sequential data preferred on a sequential data preferred on a sequential data algorithm. Okay. And some of the algorithm. Okay. And some of the algorithm. Okay. And some of the examples of sequential data can be examples of sequential data can be examples of sequential data can be something like time series, speech, something like time series, speech, something like time series, speech, text, financial data, audio, video, text, financial data, audio, video, text, financial data, audio, video, weather and many more. Although RNN were weather and many more. Although RNN were weather and many more. Although RNN were the state-of-the-art algorithm for the state-of-the-art algorithm for the state-of-the-art algorithm for dealing with sequential data, they come dealing with sequential data, they come dealing with sequential data, they come up with their own drawbacks. And some of up with their own drawbacks. And some of up with their own drawbacks. And some of the popular drawbacks over here can be the popular drawbacks over here can be the popular drawbacks over here can be like due to the complication or the like due to the complication or the like due to the complication or the complexity of the algorithm, the neural complexity of the algorithm, the neural complexity of the algorithm, the neural network is pretty slow to train. And as network is pretty slow to train. And as network is pretty slow to train. And as there are huge amount of dimensions there are huge amount of dimensions there are huge amount of dimensions here, the training is very long and here, the training is very long and here, the training is very long and difficult to do. Okay. Apart from that, difficult to do. Okay. Apart from that, difficult to do. Okay. Apart from that, the most decisive feature for RNN or for the most decisive feature for RNN or for the most decisive feature for RNN or for the improvement in RNN is that of a the improvement in RNN is that of a the improvement in RNN is that of a vanishing gradient. What this vanishing vanishing gradient. What this vanishing vanishing gradient. What this vanishing gradient is is that you know when we go gradient is is that you know when we go gradient is is that you know when we go deeper and deeper into our neural deeper and deeper into our neural deeper and deeper into our neural network, the previous data is lost. This network, the previous data is lost. This network, the previous data is lost. This is because of a concept called as is because of a concept called as is because of a concept called as vanishing gradient and due to this we vanishing gradient and due to this we vanishing gradient and due to this we cannot work on a large or a longer cannot work on a large or a longer cannot work on a large or a longer sequence of data. Okay. To overcome this sequence of data. Okay. To overcome this sequence of data. Okay. To overcome this we came up with some new or upgrades to we came up with some new or upgrades to we came up with some new or upgrades to the current recurrent neural networks or the current recurrent neural networks or the current recurrent neural networks or RNNs. Starting off with birectional RNNs. Starting off with birectional RNNs. Starting off with birectional recurrent neural network. You see recurrent neural network. You see recurrent neural network. You see birectional recurrent neural network birectional recurrent neural network birectional recurrent neural network connect two hidden layers of opposite connect two hidden layers of opposite connect two hidden layers of opposite direction into the same output. With direction into the same output. With direction into the same output. With this form of generative deep learning, this form of generative deep learning, this form of generative deep learning, the output layer can get information the output layer can get information the output layer can get information from past future states simultaneously. from past future states simultaneously. from past future states simultaneously. So as you can see here we have two So as you can see here we have two So as you can see here we have two layers over here and as they are layers over here and as they are layers over here and as they are birectional what happens is when the birectional what happens is when the birectional what happens is when the algorithm feels that it is kind of algorithm feels that it is kind of algorithm feels that it is kind of losing its gradients or the previous losing its gradients or the previous losing its gradients or the previous data it can go back and get the data data it can go back and get the data data it can go back and get the data from the past. So why do we need from the past. So why do we need from the past. So why do we need birectional recurrent neural network? birectional recurrent neural network? birectional recurrent neural network? Well, birectional recurrent neural Well, birectional recurrent neural Well, birectional recurrent neural network duplicates RNN processing chain network duplicates RNN processing chain network duplicates RNN processing chain so that the input process both forward so that the input process both forward so that the input process both forward and reverse time order thus allowing and reverse time order thus allowing and reverse time order thus allowing birectional recurrent neural network to birectional recurrent neural network to birectional recurrent neural network to look into future context as well. The look into future context as well. The look into future context as well. The next one is long short-term memory. Long next one is long short-term memory. Long next one is long short-term memory. Long short-term memory or also sometime short-term memory or also sometime short-term memory or also sometime referred to as LSTM is a artificial referred to as LSTM is a artificial referred to as LSTM is a artificial recurrent neural network architecture recurrent neural network architecture recurrent neural network architecture used in the field of deep learning. used in the field of deep learning. used in the field of deep learning. Unlike standard feed forward neural Unlike standard feed forward neural Unlike standard feed forward neural network, LSTM has a feedback network, LSTM has a feedback network, LSTM has a feedback connections. It can not only process connections. It can not only process connections. It can not only process single data point but also the entire single data point but also the entire single data point but also the entire sequence of data. So as you can see here sequence of data. So as you can see here sequence of data. So as you can see here from what I'm trying to say is with LSTM from what I'm trying to say is with LSTM from what I'm trying to say is with LSTM or longsh short-term memory it has or longsh short-term memory it has or longsh short-term memory it has something like you know we can feed a something like you know we can feed a something like you know we can feed a longer sequence compared to what it was longer sequence compared to what it was longer sequence compared to what it was with birectional RNN or RNN. So why is with birectional RNN or RNN. So why is with birectional RNN or RNN. So why is LSTM better than RNN? We can say that LSTM better than RNN? We can say that LSTM better than RNN? We can say that when we move from RNN to LSTM we are when we move from RNN to LSTM we are when we move from RNN to LSTM we are introducing more and more control over introducing more and more control over introducing more and more control over the sequence of the data that we can the sequence of the data that we can the sequence of the data that we can provide. The LSTM gives us more provide. The LSTM gives us more provide. The LSTM gives us more controllability and there's better controllability and there's better controllability and there's better results. All right. So the next type of results. All right. So the next type of results. All right. So the next type of recurrent neural network is the gated recurrent neural network is the gated recurrent neural network is the gated recurrent neural network or also recurrent neural network or also recurrent neural network or also referred to as GRUs. You see GRU is a referred to as GRUs. You see GRU is a referred to as GRUs. You see GRU is a type of recurrent neural network that is type of recurrent neural network that is type of recurrent neural network that is in certain cases is advantageous over in certain cases is advantageous over in certain cases is advantageous over longsh short-term memory. GRU makes use longsh short-term memory. GRU makes use longsh short-term memory. GRU makes use of less memory and also is faster than of less memory and also is faster than of less memory and also is faster than LSTM. But thing is LSTMs are more LSTM. But thing is LSTMs are more LSTM. But thing is LSTMs are more accurate while using longer data sets. accurate while using longer data sets. accurate while using longer data sets. I'm sure by now you might have got a I'm sure by now you might have got a I'm sure by now you might have got a hint about the trend that has led to the hint about the trend that has led to the hint about the trend that has led to the improvement. Right? So the trend over improvement. Right? So the trend over improvement. Right? So the trend over here is you know the model should be here is you know the model should be here is you know the model should be capable of remembering and taking in on capable of remembering and taking in on capable of remembering and taking in on a longer input sequence. The game a longer input sequence. The game a longer input sequence. The game changer part for the sequential data was changer part for the sequential data was changer part for the sequential data was developed when we came up with something developed when we came up with something developed when we came up with something called as transformers. And this paper called as transformers. And this paper called as transformers. And this paper was something which is based on a was something which is based on a was something which is based on a concept called as attention is concept called as attention is concept called as attention is everything. All right. So let's take a everything. All right. So let's take a everything. All right. So let's take a look at this. The paper attention is all look at this. The paper attention is all look at this. The paper attention is all you need introduces a novel architecture you need introduces a novel architecture you need introduces a novel architecture called as transformers. Like LSTM, called as transformers. Like LSTM, called as transformers. Like LSTM, transformers is an architecture for transformers is an architecture for transformers is an architecture for transforming one sequence into another transforming one sequence into another transforming one sequence into another while helping other two parts that is while helping other two parts that is while helping other two parts that is encoders and decoders. But it differs encoders and decoders. But it differs encoders and decoders. But it differs from previously described sequence to from previously described sequence to from previously described sequence to sequence model because it does not work sequence model because it does not work sequence model because it does not work like GRUs. Okay. So it does not like GRUs. Okay. So it does not like GRUs. Okay. So it does not implements recurrent neural networks. implements recurrent neural networks. implements recurrent neural networks. Recurrent neural network until now were Recurrent neural network until now were Recurrent neural network until now were one of the best ways to capture the one of the best ways to capture the one of the best ways to capture the timely dependence on a sequence. timely dependence on a sequence. timely dependence on a sequence. However, the team presenting this paper However, the team presenting this paper However, the team presenting this paper that is attention is all you need prove that is attention is all you need prove that is attention is all you need prove that an architecture with only attention that an architecture with only attention that an architecture with only attention mechanism does not use RNN can improve mechanism does not use RNN can improve mechanism does not use RNN can improve its result in translation task and other its result in translation task and other its result in translation task and other NLP task. One of the best examples for NLP task. One of the best examples for NLP task. One of the best examples for transformers is Google's bird. So what transformers is Google's bird. So what transformers is Google's bird. So what exactly is this transformer? Right? You exactly is this transformer? Right? You exactly is this transformer? Right? You see here we have encoder on the top and see here we have encoder on the top and see here we have encoder on the top and decoder on the bottom. Both encoder and decoder on the bottom. Both encoder and decoder on the bottom. Both encoder and decoder are comprised of modules that decoder are comprised of modules that decoder are comprised of modules that can stick onto the top of each other can stick onto the top of each other can stick onto the top of each other multiple times. So what happens here is multiple times. So what happens here is multiple times. So what happens here is the inputs and outputs are first the inputs and outputs are first the inputs and outputs are first embedded into n dimension space since we embedded into n dimension space since we embedded into n dimension space since we cannot use this directly. So we cannot use this directly. So we cannot use this directly. So we obviously have to encode our inputs obviously have to encode our inputs obviously have to encode our inputs whatever we are providing here. One whatever we are providing here. One whatever we are providing here. One slight but important part of this model slight but important part of this model slight but important part of this model is the positional encoding of different is the positional encoding of different is the positional encoding of different words. Since we have no recurrent neural words. Since we have no recurrent neural words. Since we have no recurrent neural network that can remember how sequence network that can remember how sequence network that can remember how sequence are fed into the model, we need to are fed into the model, we need to are fed into the model, we need to somehow give every word or part of our somehow give every word or part of our somehow give every word or part of our sequence a relative position. Since a sequence a relative position. Since a sequence a relative position. Since a sequence depends on the order of the sequence depends on the order of the sequence depends on the order of the elements. Okay, these positions are elements. Okay, these positions are elements. Okay, these positions are added to the embedded representation of added to the embedded representation of added to the embedded representation of each words. All right, so this was the each words. All right, so this was the each words. All right, so this was the brief about transformers. So let us now brief about transformers. So let us now brief about transformers. So let us now move ahead and see some of the popular move ahead and see some of the popular move ahead and see some of the popular language [clears throat] models that are language [clears throat] models that are language [clears throat] models that are available in the market. All right, so available in the market. All right, so available in the market. All right, so let us now start off by understanding let us now start off by understanding let us now start off by understanding OpenAI's GPT3. The successor to GPT and OpenAI's GPT3. The successor to GPT and OpenAI's GPT3. The successor to GPT and GPT2 is the GPT3 and is one of the most GPT2 is the GPT3 and is one of the most GPT2 is the GPT3 and is one of the most controversial pre-trend models by controversial pre-trend models by controversial pre-trend models by OpenAI. The large scale OpenAI. The large scale OpenAI. The large scale transformer-based language model has transformer-based language model has transformer-based language model has been trained on 175 billion parameters been trained on 175 billion parameters been trained on 175 billion parameters which is 10 times more than any previous which is 10 times more than any previous which is 10 times more than any previous non-sparse language model. The model has non-sparse language model. The model has non-sparse language model. The model has been trained to achieve strong been trained to achieve strong been trained to achieve strong performance on many NLP data set performance on many NLP data set performance on many NLP data set including task like translation, including task like translation, including task like translation, answering questions as well as several answering questions as well as several answering questions as well as several other tasks. Then we have Google's bird. other tasks. Then we have Google's bird. other tasks. Then we have Google's bird. Bird stands for birectional encoder Bird stands for birectional encoder Bird stands for birectional encoder representations from transformers. A is representations from transformers. A is representations from transformers. A is a pre-trained NLP model which is a pre-trained NLP model which is a pre-trained NLP model which is developed by Google in 2018. With this developed by Google in 2018. With this developed by Google in 2018. With this anyone in the world can train either anyone in the world can train either anyone in the world can train either their own question answering module with their own question answering module with their own question answering module with up to 30 minutes on a single cloud TPU up to 30 minutes on a single cloud TPU up to 30 minutes on a single cloud TPU or few hours using single GPU. The or few hours using single GPU. The or few hours using single GPU. The company then released this showcasing company then released this showcasing company then released this showcasing the performance of 11 NLP task including the performance of 11 NLP task including the performance of 11 NLP task including very competitive Stanford data set very competitive Stanford data set very competitive Stanford data set questions. Unlike other language model, questions. Unlike other language model, questions. Unlike other language model, bird has only been pre-trained on 250 bird has only been pre-trained on 250 bird has only been pre-trained on 250 million words of Wikipedia and 800 million words of Wikipedia and 800 million words of Wikipedia and 800 million words of book corpus and has million words of book corpus and has million words of book corpus and has been successfully used as a pre-trained been successfully used as a pre-trained been successfully used as a pre-trained model in deep neural network. According model in deep neural network. According model in deep neural network. According to researchers, bird has achieved 93% to researchers, bird has achieved 93% to researchers, bird has achieved 93% accuracy which has surpassed any accuracy which has surpassed any accuracy which has surpassed any previous language models. Next, we have previous language models. Next, we have previous language models. Next, we have Elmo. Elmo also known as embedding for Elmo. Elmo also known as embedding for Elmo. Elmo also known as embedding for language model is a deep contextualized language model is a deep contextualized language model is a deep contextualized word representation that models syntax word representation that models syntax word representation that models syntax and semantic words as well as their and semantic words as well as their and semantic words as well as their logistic context. The model developed by logistic context. The model developed by logistic context. The model developed by Alan LLP has been pre-trained on a huge Alan LLP has been pre-trained on a huge Alan LLP has been pre-trained on a huge text corpus and learn functions from text corpus and learn functions from text corpus and learn functions from birectional models that is by LM. Elmo birectional models that is by LM. Elmo birectional models that is by LM. Elmo can easily be added to their existing can easily be added to their existing can easily be added to their existing models which drastically improves the models which drastically improves the models which drastically improves the features of functions across vast NLP features of functions across vast NLP features of functions across vast NLP problem including answering questions, problem including answering questions, problem including answering questions, textual sentiment and sentiment textual sentiment and sentiment textual sentiment and sentiment analysis. So what is a transformer? Transformers So what is a transformer? Transformers So what is a transformer? Transformers operate on a concept called operate on a concept called operate on a concept called sequencetosequence learning. Essentially sequencetosequence learning. Essentially sequencetosequence learning. Essentially they take a sequence of tokens as an they take a sequence of tokens as an they take a sequence of tokens as an input and predict the next token in the input and predict the next token in the input and predict the next token in the output. A great example of this is output. A great example of this is output. A great example of this is language translation. Imagine inputting language translation. Imagine inputting language translation. Imagine inputting good morning in English and the good morning in English and the good morning in English and the transformer process this and outputs the transformer process this and outputs the transformer process this and outputs the translation in languages like Japanese, translation in languages like Japanese, translation in languages like Japanese, Korean or German. The key is how it Korean or German. The key is how it Korean or German. The key is how it efficiently process the relationship efficiently process the relationship efficiently process the relationship between words. Since we know what a between words. Since we know what a between words. Since we know what a transformer is, let's dig a bit deep transformer is, let's dig a bit deep transformer is, let's dig a bit deep about them. A transformer has two about them. A transformer has two about them. A transformer has two primary components encoder and decoder. primary components encoder and decoder. primary components encoder and decoder. Encoder identifies relationship between Encoder identifies relationship between Encoder identifies relationship between parts of the input sequence whereas the parts of the input sequence whereas the parts of the input sequence whereas the decoder uses these relationships to decoder uses these relationships to decoder uses these relationships to generate the output sequence. This generate the output sequence. This generate the output sequence. This division is what allows transformers to division is what allows transformers to division is what allows transformers to handle task like text translation or handle task like text translation or handle task like text translation or summarizations with remarkable accuracy. summarizations with remarkable accuracy. summarizations with remarkable accuracy. Now that we have the idea of Now that we have the idea of Now that we have the idea of transformers, let's discuss how they transformers, let's discuss how they transformers, let's discuss how they evolve. Before transformers, there were evolve. Before transformers, there were evolve. Before transformers, there were other neural networks like RNN, other neural networks like RNN, other neural networks like RNN, recurrent neural networks invented by recurrent neural networks invented by recurrent neural networks invented by David Rumlhur in 1986. David Rumlhur in 1986. David Rumlhur in 1986. However, RNN's face significant However, RNN's face significant However, RNN's face significant challenges. They would forget early challenges. They would forget early challenges. They would forget early parts of the sequence as they processed parts of the sequence as they processed parts of the sequence as they processed longer ones and couldn't handle longer ones and couldn't handle longer ones and couldn't handle dependencies efficiently. Additionally, dependencies efficiently. Additionally, dependencies efficiently. Additionally, RNN relied on recurrence which made them RNN relied on recurrence which made them RNN relied on recurrence which made them inefficient and incapable of inefficient and incapable of inefficient and incapable of parallelization. parallelization. parallelization. Then came long short-term memory Then came long short-term memory Then came long short-term memory introduced by Howeter and Smith Huber in introduced by Howeter and Smith Huber in introduced by Howeter and Smith Huber in 1997. 1997. 1997. Long shortterm memory improved by Long shortterm memory improved by Long shortterm memory improved by remembering sequences for a longer remembering sequences for a longer remembering sequences for a longer duration and addressing some of the duration and addressing some of the duration and addressing some of the memory issues in RNN. memory issues in RNN. memory issues in RNN. However, they were slow to train and However, they were slow to train and However, they were slow to train and difficult to manage at scale. Finally, difficult to manage at scale. Finally, difficult to manage at scale. Finally, transformers transformed neural transformers transformed neural transformers transformed neural networks. First introduced in the networks. First introduced in the networks. First introduced in the landmark paper, attention is all you landmark paper, attention is all you landmark paper, attention is all you need. Transformers addressed all the need. Transformers addressed all the need. Transformers addressed all the problems faced by RNNs and LSTMs. They problems faced by RNNs and LSTMs. They problems faced by RNNs and LSTMs. They used a completely attention-based used a completely attention-based used a completely attention-based mechanism, eliminating reliance on mechanism, eliminating reliance on mechanism, eliminating reliance on recurrence. This made transformers recurrence. This made transformers recurrence. This made transformers capable of remembering context capable of remembering context capable of remembering context efficiently, training faster and being efficiently, training faster and being efficiently, training faster and being parallelized, enabling multitasking and parallelized, enabling multitasking and parallelized, enabling multitasking and significantly speeding up processes. significantly speeding up processes. significantly speeding up processes. Now, let's discuss on the attention Now, let's discuss on the attention Now, let's discuss on the attention mechanism. Think about the sentence. mechanism. Think about the sentence. mechanism. Think about the sentence. This cat wants to jump on the box. The This cat wants to jump on the box. The This cat wants to jump on the box. The attention mechanism identifies the most attention mechanism identifies the most attention mechanism identifies the most relevant parts of this sentence like relevant parts of this sentence like relevant parts of this sentence like cat, jump and box and focuses on these cat, jump and box and focuses on these cat, jump and box and focuses on these elements while processing the data. Now elements while processing the data. Now elements while processing the data. Now that we know how transformers have that we know how transformers have that we know how transformers have evolved, now let's discuss their evolved, now let's discuss their evolved, now let's discuss their architecture. A transformer consists of architecture. A transformer consists of architecture. A transformer consists of two main components, an encoder and a two main components, an encoder and a two main components, an encoder and a decoder, each typically consisting six decoder, each typically consisting six decoder, each typically consisting six layers. Inside the encoder there is one layers. Inside the encoder there is one layers. Inside the encoder there is one attention layer and one feed forward attention layer and one feed forward attention layer and one feed forward layer. While the decoder contains two layer. While the decoder contains two layer. While the decoder contains two attention layers and one feed forward attention layers and one feed forward attention layers and one feed forward layer. The magic of parallelism comes layer. The magic of parallelism comes layer. The magic of parallelism comes from how data is fed into the network. from how data is fed into the network. from how data is fed into the network. In the attention layer, all the words In the attention layer, all the words In the attention layer, all the words are processed simultaneously with each are processed simultaneously with each are processed simultaneously with each word forming combinations with other in word forming combinations with other in word forming combinations with other in the sentence. This allows the model to the sentence. This allows the model to the sentence. This allows the model to capture relationships and context capture relationships and context capture relationships and context efficiently. After processing in the efficiently. After processing in the efficiently. After processing in the attention layer, the data is sent to the attention layer, the data is sent to the attention layer, the data is sent to the feed forward layer where it is learned feed forward layer where it is learned feed forward layer where it is learned layer by layer. The input to the encoder layer by layer. The input to the encoder layer by layer. The input to the encoder and decoder are the raw input embeddings and decoder are the raw input embeddings and decoder are the raw input embeddings which are numerical representation of which are numerical representation of which are numerical representation of words. On top of these embeddings, words. On top of these embeddings, words. On top of these embeddings, positional encodings are added to help positional encodings are added to help positional encodings are added to help the model understand the position and the model understand the position and the model understand the position and the order of each word in the sequence. the order of each word in the sequence. the order of each word in the sequence. If we simplify embeddings, there are If we simplify embeddings, there are If we simplify embeddings, there are essentially vector representation of essentially vector representation of essentially vector representation of words in an n dimensional space. At the words in an n dimensional space. At the words in an n dimensional space. At the top of the architecture, there are two top of the architecture, there are two top of the architecture, there are two layers of the output probabilities layers of the output probabilities layers of the output probabilities converting the final output into the converting the final output into the converting the final output into the form of human can understand. These form of human can understand. These form of human can understand. These inputs are represented as vectors with inputs are represented as vectors with inputs are represented as vectors with their length corresponding to the size their length corresponding to the size their length corresponding to the size of vocabulary. of vocabulary. of vocabulary. Now what truly makes transformer unique Now what truly makes transformer unique Now what truly makes transformer unique is the inclusion of normalization layers is the inclusion of normalization layers is the inclusion of normalization layers which normalize the output from which normalize the output from which normalize the output from additionally skip connections the dark additionally skip connections the dark additionally skip connections the dark arrows in the architecture forward arrows in the architecture forward arrows in the architecture forward critical information that bypasses self critical information that bypasses self critical information that bypasses self attention or fed forward layers directly attention or fed forward layers directly attention or fed forward layers directly to the normalization layers. This to the normalization layers. This to the normalization layers. This ensures the model does not forget ensures the model does not forget ensures the model does not forget important details and effectively passes important details and effectively passes important details and effectively passes vital information further into the vital information further into the vital information further into the network. Now moving forward let's network. Now moving forward let's network. Now moving forward let's discuss why transformers are important. discuss why transformers are important. discuss why transformers are important. Transformers are vital because they Transformers are vital because they Transformers are vital because they utilize semi-supervised learning. They utilize semi-supervised learning. They utilize semi-supervised learning. They are trained on massive unlabelled data are trained on massive unlabelled data are trained on massive unlabelled data sets enabling them to generalize across sets enabling them to generalize across sets enabling them to generalize across a wide range of task. Unlike older a wide range of task. Unlike older a wide range of task. Unlike older models, transformers don't need to models, transformers don't need to models, transformers don't need to process data sequentially. Their process data sequentially. Their process data sequentially. Their attention mechanism allow them to focus attention mechanism allow them to focus attention mechanism allow them to focus on the most relevant context which on the most relevant context which on the most relevant context which significantly speeds up training. significantly speeds up training. significantly speeds up training. Transformers revolutionize data Transformers revolutionize data Transformers revolutionize data processing by eliminating the need to processing by eliminating the need to processing by eliminating the need to handle data sequentially allowing for handle data sequentially allowing for handle data sequentially allowing for parallel processing and significantly parallel processing and significantly parallel processing and significantly enhancing efficiency. The attention enhancing efficiency. The attention enhancing efficiency. The attention mechanism lies at the core of mechanism lies at the core of mechanism lies at the core of transformers enabling the model to focus transformers enabling the model to focus transformers enabling the model to focus on the most relevant parts of the input on the most relevant parts of the input on the most relevant parts of the input sequence and improving accuracy and sequence and improving accuracy and sequence and improving accuracy and understanding of context. Furthermore, understanding of context. Furthermore, understanding of context. Furthermore, transformers excel at providing context, transformers excel at providing context, transformers excel at providing context, ensuring that the meaning of each word ensuring that the meaning of each word ensuring that the meaning of each word or token is accurately interpreted or token is accurately interpreted or token is accurately interpreted within its surroundings. Lastly, these within its surroundings. Lastly, these within its surroundings. Lastly, these models dramatically speeds up the models dramatically speeds up the models dramatically speeds up the training process, making them faster and training process, making them faster and training process, making them faster and more efficient compared to traditional more efficient compared to traditional more efficient compared to traditional neural networks, thus redefining AI's neural networks, thus redefining AI's neural networks, thus redefining AI's capabilities across diverse capabilities across diverse capabilities across diverse applications. Now that we know why applications. Now that we know why applications. Now that we know why transformers are important, let's transformers are important, let's transformers are important, let's discuss some applications. discuss some applications. discuss some applications. We have OpenAI's GPT, a groundbreaking We have OpenAI's GPT, a groundbreaking We have OpenAI's GPT, a groundbreaking model that leverages the power of model that leverages the power of model that leverages the power of transformers for natural language transformers for natural language transformers for natural language processing task. Additionally, Google processing task. Additionally, Google processing task. Additionally, Google has developed several transformer-based has developed several transformer-based has developed several transformer-based models including vision transformer for models including vision transformer for models including vision transformer for image recognition, bird, birectional image recognition, bird, birectional image recognition, bird, birectional encoder representations from encoder representations from encoder representations from transformers for understanding the transformers for understanding the transformers for understanding the context of words in a sentence and T5 context of words in a sentence and T5 context of words in a sentence and T5 which stands for texttoext transfer which stands for texttoext transfer which stands for texttoext transfer transformer for a wide range of text transformer for a wide range of text transformer for a wide range of text generation task. generation task. generation task. Microsoft has also contributed with debt Microsoft has also contributed with debt Microsoft has also contributed with debt decoding enhanced bird with disentangled decoding enhanced bird with disentangled decoding enhanced bird with disentangled attention a model designed to improve attention a model designed to improve attention a model designed to improve contextually understanding and enhance contextually understanding and enhance contextually understanding and enhance NLP applications. These models NLP applications. These models NLP applications. These models demonstrate the versatility and impact demonstrate the versatility and impact demonstrate the versatility and impact of transformer architecture across of transformer architecture across of transformer architecture across various domains. Now that we know the various domains. Now that we know the various domains. Now that we know the application of transformers, how about application of transformers, how about application of transformers, how about checking their realtime products? checking their realtime products? checking their realtime products? Transformers have become an integral Transformers have become an integral Transformers have become an integral part of many real world products that we part of many real world products that we part of many real world products that we use style. Examples include Grammarly use style. Examples include Grammarly use style. Examples include Grammarly which leverages transformers for which leverages transformers for which leverages transformers for advanced grammar and writing assistance, advanced grammar and writing assistance, advanced grammar and writing assistance, Google search and its translation tools Google search and its translation tools Google search and its translation tools powered by models like B and T5 and Chad powered by models like B and T5 and Chad powered by models like B and T5 and Chad GPT open AI's conversational AI that GPT open AI's conversational AI that GPT open AI's conversational AI that relies on the generative pre-chain relies on the generative pre-chain relies on the generative pre-chain transformer architecture. Additionally, transformer architecture. Additionally, transformer architecture. Additionally, Meta's deep fake detector uses Meta's deep fake detector uses Meta's deep fake detector uses transformer-based models for facial transformer-based models for facial transformer-based models for facial recognition task. These applications recognition task. These applications recognition task. These applications highlight how transformers have highlight how transformers have highlight how transformers have revolutionized technology, seamlessly revolutionized technology, seamlessly revolutionized technology, seamlessly integrating it into tools that enhance integrating it into tools that enhance integrating it into tools that enhance our everyday lives. In conclusion, our everyday lives. In conclusion, our everyday lives. In conclusion, transformers are changing the tech world transformers are changing the tech world transformers are changing the tech world by enabling smarter, faster, and more by enabling smarter, faster, and more by enabling smarter, faster, and more efficient AI systems. Whether it's efficient AI systems. Whether it's efficient AI systems. Whether it's generating text, translating languages, generating text, translating languages, generating text, translating languages, or enhancing search engines, these or enhancing search engines, these or enhancing search engines, these models are the cornerstone of modern AI. models are the cornerstone of modern AI. models are the cornerstone of modern AI. [music] Imagine the world just a few years back Imagine the world just a few years back Imagine the world just a few years back when technology quietly advanced in the when technology quietly advanced in the when technology quietly advanced in the background. Then suddenly, generative AI background. Then suddenly, generative AI background. Then suddenly, generative AI hit the headlines. Media channels hit the headlines. Media channels hit the headlines. Media channels everywhere were a buzz with articles everywhere were a buzz with articles everywhere were a buzz with articles exploring the capabilities and potential exploring the capabilities and potential exploring the capabilities and potential of this new wave of technology. The real of this new wave of technology. The real of this new wave of technology. The real tipping point came in March 2023 when tipping point came in March 2023 when tipping point came in March 2023 when OpenAI launched GP4, a model so advanced OpenAI launched GP4, a model so advanced OpenAI launched GP4, a model so advanced it could outperform 90% of human test it could outperform 90% of human test it could outperform 90% of human test takers on the SAT which determines takers on the SAT which determines takers on the SAT which determines college admission in the US. However, college admission in the US. However, college admission in the US. However, JPT4's capabilities extended far beyond JPT4's capabilities extended far beyond JPT4's capabilities extended far beyond academics. Open revealed that it also academics. Open revealed that it also academics. Open revealed that it also excelled in fields like law and medicine excelled in fields like law and medicine excelled in fields like law and medicine taking test and demonstrating taking test and demonstrating taking test and demonstrating proficiency in knowledge intensive proficiency in knowledge intensive proficiency in knowledge intensive domains. Within just 2 months of its domains. Within just 2 months of its domains. Within just 2 months of its release, Chad GPT powered by GPD4 had release, Chad GPT powered by GPD4 had release, Chad GPT powered by GPD4 had captivated over 100 million users. This captivated over 100 million users. This captivated over 100 million users. This unprecedented adaption made waves unprecedented adaption made waves unprecedented adaption made waves sparking discussions on AI's role in the sparking discussions on AI's role in the sparking discussions on AI's role in the future of work, communication, and future of work, communication, and future of work, communication, and knowledge sharing. Yet alongside the knowledge sharing. Yet alongside the knowledge sharing. Yet alongside the fascination came a fair share of fascination came a fair share of fascination came a fair share of concerns. Experts began to speculate concerns. Experts began to speculate concerns. Experts began to speculate about the future. Could AI evolution hit about the future. Could AI evolution hit about the future. Could AI evolution hit a plateau by 2030? The excitement of a plateau by 2030? The excitement of a plateau by 2030? The excitement of this advancement was tempered by reports this advancement was tempered by reports this advancement was tempered by reports predicting that AI could significantly predicting that AI could significantly predicting that AI could significantly impact the job market as tools like impact the job market as tools like impact the job market as tools like chart GPD found real world application chart GPD found real world application chart GPD found real world application in areas as high stakes as legal trials in areas as high stakes as legal trials in areas as high stakes as legal trials where lawyers were reportedly using where lawyers were reportedly using where lawyers were reportedly using large language models to assist in large language models to assist in large language models to assist in cases. In today's transformative era, cases. In today's transformative era, cases. In today's transformative era, it's clear that generative AI is it's clear that generative AI is it's clear that generative AI is reshaping our world. So what exactly is reshaping our world. So what exactly is reshaping our world. So what exactly is generative AI and how does it work? More generative AI and how does it work? More generative AI and how does it work? More importantly, what does the rise of GPT4 importantly, what does the rise of GPT4 importantly, what does the rise of GPT4 means for us and where might it lead? means for us and where might it lead? means for us and where might it lead? So, what is generative AI? Simply put, So, what is generative AI? Simply put, So, what is generative AI? Simply put, it's a type of artificial intelligence it's a type of artificial intelligence it's a type of artificial intelligence that can produce new content across that can produce new content across that can produce new content across various formats. Here are a few areas various formats. Here are a few areas various formats. Here are a few areas where it's making a huge impact. First, where it's making a huge impact. First, where it's making a huge impact. First, content creation. It is generating text, content creation. It is generating text, content creation. It is generating text, articles, and blog posts, saving hours articles, and blog posts, saving hours articles, and blog posts, saving hours for writers and content creators. Next, for writers and content creators. Next, for writers and content creators. Next, image generation. creating visuals or image generation. creating visuals or image generation. creating visuals or art from the text bronze as seen in art from the text bronze as seen in art from the text bronze as seen in models like DAL e now on its third models like DAL e now on its third models like DAL e now on its third version. Next coding assistance version. Next coding assistance version. Next coding assistance providing code suggestions and providing code suggestions and providing code suggestions and completions with tools like GitHub completions with tools like GitHub completions with tools like GitHub copilot helping developers. Next, copilot helping developers. Next, copilot helping developers. Next, language translation breaking down language translation breaking down language translation breaking down language barriers in real time through language barriers in real time through language barriers in real time through advanced translation models. Then advanced translation models. Then advanced translation models. Then personalized healthcare enhancing personalized healthcare enhancing personalized healthcare enhancing medical treatments by tailoring medical treatments by tailoring medical treatments by tailoring recommendations based on individuals recommendations based on individuals recommendations based on individuals patient data. And finally, marketing and patient data. And finally, marketing and patient data. And finally, marketing and optimization. It helps establish optimization. It helps establish optimization. It helps establish marketing strategies in businesses. And marketing strategies in businesses. And marketing strategies in businesses. And these capabilities make generative AI a these capabilities make generative AI a these capabilities make generative AI a versatile technology that is reshaping versatile technology that is reshaping versatile technology that is reshaping industries. So let's examine some real industries. So let's examine some real industries. So let's examine some real world application and see how they work. world application and see how they work. world application and see how they work. Generative AI is at the core of many Generative AI is at the core of many Generative AI is at the core of many revolutionary applications today. We revolutionary applications today. We revolutionary applications today. We have text generation. From producing have text generation. From producing have text generation. From producing entire articles to summarizing content, entire articles to summarizing content, entire articles to summarizing content, tools like GP4 are transforming content tools like GP4 are transforming content tools like GP4 are transforming content creation across industries. Next, creation across industries. Next, creation across industries. Next, language translation. AI powered language translation. AI powered language translation. AI powered translation tools are improving cross translation tools are improving cross translation tools are improving cross language communications by understanding language communications by understanding language communications by understanding context. Then writing assistance. context. Then writing assistance. context. Then writing assistance. Grammarly are similar tools refine Grammarly are similar tools refine Grammarly are similar tools refine grammar, tone and clarity, assisting grammar, tone and clarity, assisting grammar, tone and clarity, assisting professionals and student alike. Next we professionals and student alike. Next we professionals and student alike. Next we have business AI models are making have business AI models are making have business AI models are making business insights accessible, automating business insights accessible, automating business insights accessible, automating support and enhancing decision making. support and enhancing decision making. support and enhancing decision making. Next, music generation. AI is now Next, music generation. AI is now Next, music generation. AI is now venturing into creativity, composing venturing into creativity, composing venturing into creativity, composing unique tracks and musical elements. unique tracks and musical elements. unique tracks and musical elements. Finally, machine learning models. Finally, machine learning models. Finally, machine learning models. Platforms like H2O.AI are giving access Platforms like H2O.AI are giving access Platforms like H2O.AI are giving access to machine learning models, allowing to machine learning models, allowing to machine learning models, allowing users without deep expertise to create users without deep expertise to create users without deep expertise to create powerful models. Now that we understood powerful models. Now that we understood powerful models. Now that we understood the potential of generative AI and now the potential of generative AI and now the potential of generative AI and now let's go deeper into how it actually let's go deeper into how it actually let's go deeper into how it actually works. So to understand how generative works. So to understand how generative works. So to understand how generative AI operates, let's break down the AI operates, let's break down the AI operates, let's break down the process. First define objective. So process. First define objective. So process. First define objective. So start with a clear goal whether it's start with a clear goal whether it's start with a clear goal whether it's generating text, creating an image or generating text, creating an image or generating text, creating an image or assisting with code. Next, gather and assisting with code. Next, gather and assisting with code. Next, gather and preprocess data. So collect and prepare preprocess data. So collect and prepare preprocess data. So collect and prepare data ensuring it's clean and structured data ensuring it's clean and structured data ensuring it's clean and structured with the model. Then choose appropriate with the model. Then choose appropriate with the model. Then choose appropriate model. So select or design a model model. So select or design a model model. So select or design a model tailored to your needs. Sometimes tailored to your needs. Sometimes tailored to your needs. Sometimes building on pre-existing models. Next, building on pre-existing models. Next, building on pre-existing models. Next, train the model. Feed data into the train the model. Feed data into the train the model. Feed data into the model so it can learn patterns and build model so it can learn patterns and build model so it can learn patterns and build into knowledge base. Next, evaluate and into knowledge base. Next, evaluate and into knowledge base. Next, evaluate and refine. So fine-tune the model as needed refine. So fine-tune the model as needed refine. So fine-tune the model as needed to optimize its efficiency and accuracy. to optimize its efficiency and accuracy. to optimize its efficiency and accuracy. Then test and validate. Run test to Then test and validate. Run test to Then test and validate. Run test to measure performance and accuracy measure performance and accuracy measure performance and accuracy ensuring it align with the objectives. ensuring it align with the objectives. ensuring it align with the objectives. and finally deploy and iterate. So once and finally deploy and iterate. So once and finally deploy and iterate. So once ready deploy the model and continue ready deploy the model and continue ready deploy the model and continue refining it with user feedback and data refining it with user feedback and data refining it with user feedback and data and this cycle ensures generative AI and this cycle ensures generative AI and this cycle ensures generative AI models stay relevant and improve over models stay relevant and improve over models stay relevant and improve over time. Now moving on to the examples of time. Now moving on to the examples of time. Now moving on to the examples of generative AI tools. So many generative generative AI tools. So many generative generative AI tools. So many generative AI tools are available today each with AI tools are available today each with AI tools are available today each with its own specialtity. Tools like GitHub its own specialtity. Tools like GitHub its own specialtity. Tools like GitHub Copilot for coding, DALI 3 for image Copilot for coding, DALI 3 for image Copilot for coding, DALI 3 for image generation, and advanced language models generation, and advanced language models generation, and advanced language models like GPT are among the top layers. And like GPT are among the top layers. And like GPT are among the top layers. And if you're curious to explore these tools if you're curious to explore these tools if you're curious to explore these tools further, check out the video link in the further, check out the video link in the further, check out the video link in the description covering popular generative description covering popular generative description covering popular generative AI examples. Now, let's look at the AI examples. Now, let's look at the AI examples. Now, let's look at the growing presence of generative AI across growing presence of generative AI across growing presence of generative AI across different sectors. First, in healthcare, different sectors. First, in healthcare, different sectors. First, in healthcare, generative AI is projected to reach a generative AI is projected to reach a generative AI is projected to reach a 17.2 $2 billion market by 2032, 17.2 $2 billion market by 2032, 17.2 $2 billion market by 2032, transforming clinical applications and transforming clinical applications and transforming clinical applications and healthcare systems. Next, education. The healthcare systems. Next, education. The healthcare systems. Next, education. The AIdriven education market is expanding, AIdriven education market is expanding, AIdriven education market is expanding, especially for students, teachers, and especially for students, teachers, and especially for students, teachers, and administrators, making personalized administrators, making personalized administrators, making personalized learning more accessible. And then learning more accessible. And then learning more accessible. And then workspace generative AI adoption is workspace generative AI adoption is workspace generative AI adoption is rising with the highest impact in rising with the highest impact in rising with the highest impact in marketing and tech industries, followed marketing and tech industries, followed marketing and tech industries, followed by sectors like consulting and by sectors like consulting and by sectors like consulting and healthcare. Each graph shows a healthcare. Each graph shows a healthcare. Each graph shows a significant trend as generative AI is significant trend as generative AI is significant trend as generative AI is becoming integral in diverse fields and becoming integral in diverse fields and becoming integral in diverse fields and reshaping workplace roles. As we look reshaping workplace roles. As we look reshaping workplace roles. As we look ahead, generative AI is set to transform ahead, generative AI is set to transform ahead, generative AI is set to transform even more areas. And here are some key even more areas. And here are some key even more areas. And here are some key impacts we can expect in AIdriven impacts we can expect in AIdriven impacts we can expect in AIdriven creativity. From art to music, AI will creativity. From art to music, AI will creativity. From art to music, AI will open new creative horizons. Next, AI open new creative horizons. Next, AI open new creative horizons. Next, AI personalizations. Tailored user personalizations. Tailored user personalizations. Tailored user experience will become the norm. Then experience will become the norm. Then experience will become the norm. Then real time generation. Realtime content real time generation. Realtime content real time generation. Realtime content generation will improve virtual generation will improve virtual generation will improve virtual assistance and automated responses. assistance and automated responses. assistance and automated responses. Next AI in architecture. AI will assist Next AI in architecture. AI will assist Next AI in architecture. AI will assist architects in design and material architects in design and material architects in design and material optimization. Then human AI optimization. Then human AI optimization. Then human AI collaboration. As AI matures, humans and collaboration. As AI matures, humans and collaboration. As AI matures, humans and AI will work in tandemss to maximize AI will work in tandemss to maximize AI will work in tandemss to maximize productivity and innovation. Then productivity and innovation. Then productivity and innovation. Then advanced AI models. We will see even advanced AI models. We will see even advanced AI models. We will see even more sophisticated models pushing the more sophisticated models pushing the more sophisticated models pushing the boundaries of what AI can achieve. boundaries of what AI can achieve. boundaries of what AI can achieve. Generative AI's future is promising. So Generative AI's future is promising. So Generative AI's future is promising. So with potential benefits that will with potential benefits that will with potential benefits that will enhance lives and drive economic growth. enhance lives and drive economic growth. enhance lives and drive economic growth. Now are you guys ready to get hands-on? Now are you guys ready to get hands-on? Now are you guys ready to get hands-on? Stick around for a mini LLM project Stick around for a mini LLM project Stick around for a mini LLM project where we will build a YouTube video where we will build a YouTube video where we will build a YouTube video summarizer. We will show you how to summarizer. We will show you how to summarizer. We will show you how to extract video transcript and then we extract video transcript and then we extract video transcript and then we will use an LLM to generate summaries will use an LLM to generate summaries will use an LLM to generate summaries and build a user-friendly interface and build a user-friendly interface and build a user-friendly interface using streamlit. Are you excited? So now using streamlit. Are you excited? So now using streamlit. Are you excited? So now let's jump in. So first things first, we let's jump in. So first things first, we let's jump in. So first things first, we need a solid environment for our need a solid environment for our need a solid environment for our project. First open your terminal project. First open your terminal project. First open your terminal and let's create a new cond environment and let's create a new cond environment and let's create a new cond environment to keep everything organized. Let's run to keep everything organized. Let's run to keep everything organized. Let's run the code using VS Code. You can also use the code using VS Code. You can also use the code using VS Code. You can also use other code editors such as PyCharm, but other code editors such as PyCharm, but other code editors such as PyCharm, but let's use VS code for now. Now in the let's use VS code for now. Now in the let's use VS code for now. Now in the terminal, let's type the command for terminal, let's type the command for terminal, let's type the command for setting up the environment in your setting up the environment in your setting up the environment in your editor. For that, run this command. Just editor. For that, run this command. Just editor. For that, run this command. Just type create - P virtual environment type create - P virtual environment type create - P virtual environment which is venv which is venv which is venv python python python and equal equal to we are using 3.10 10 and equal equal to we are using 3.10 10 and equal equal to we are using 3.10 10 which is the Python version and give hy which is the Python version and give hy which is the Python version and give hy - y. Here the hyphen p v and v specifies - y. Here the hyphen p v and v specifies - y. Here the hyphen p v and v specifies the path and the environment name while the path and the environment name while the path and the environment name while the hyphen y skips prompt for a smoother the hyphen y skips prompt for a smoother the hyphen y skips prompt for a smoother install. So now while that's setting up install. So now while that's setting up install. So now while that's setting up let's create a few essential files. So let's create a few essential files. So let's create a few essential files. So first we will create a env file for our first we will create a env file for our first we will create a env file for our API keys and environment variables. API keys and environment variables. API keys and environment variables. Next we will create a requirements txt Next we will create a requirements txt Next we will create a requirements txt file for the libraries we will need. file for the libraries we will need. file for the libraries we will need. such as YouTube transcript API to such as YouTube transcript API to such as YouTube transcript API to extract transcript from YouTube and extract transcript from YouTube and extract transcript from YouTube and stream lit for our front end. Then stream lit for our front end. Then stream lit for our front end. Then Google generative for accessing the Google generative for accessing the Google generative for accessing the Google Gemini API. Also the Python env Google Gemini API. Also the Python env Google Gemini API. Also the Python env for handling environment variables and for handling environment variables and for handling environment variables and part lip for the better part management. part lip for the better part management. part lip for the better part management. Now with our files in place, let's set Now with our files in place, let's set Now with our files in place, let's set up the Google seminar API access. Now up the Google seminar API access. Now up the Google seminar API access. Now head over to the makersuitgoogle.com head over to the makersuitgoogle.com head over to the makersuitgoogle.com and as you can see on the screen in the and as you can see on the screen in the and as you can see on the screen in the top left corner you will get the API key top left corner you will get the API key top left corner you will get the API key interface and once you click that it interface and once you click that it interface and once you click that it will redirect us to the API key will redirect us to the API key will redirect us to the API key interface. Here you can see a button interface. Here you can see a button interface. Here you can see a button which is create API key. So simply click which is create API key. So simply click which is create API key. So simply click on that and select your model and press on that and select your model and press on that and select your model and press create API key in the existing project create API key in the existing project create API key in the existing project and then your API key will be generated. and then your API key will be generated. and then your API key will be generated. Now copy your API key and once you have Now copy your API key and once you have Now copy your API key and once you have got the API key open your environment got the API key open your environment got the API key open your environment file and add it there. So for that let's file and add it there. So for that let's file and add it there. So for that let's create a variable Google create a variable Google create a variable Google API API API key over here we will paste the API key. key over here we will paste the API key. key over here we will paste the API key. So once that is done back in the So once that is done back in the So once that is done back in the terminal activate your new environment terminal activate your new environment terminal activate your new environment with the command with the command with the command activate activate activate virtual environment back slash which is virtual environment back slash which is virtual environment back slash which is venv venv venv since I've already installed in my since I've already installed in my since I've already installed in my system it's not taking much time so system it's not taking much time so system it's not taking much time so while you are installing it might take while you are installing it might take while you are installing it might take little time now let us install little time now let us install little time now let us install requirements txt in our terminal and for requirements txt in our terminal and for requirements txt in our terminal and for that the command is pip that the command is pip that the command is pip install - are requirements. TXT. So once install - are requirements. TXT. So once install - are requirements. TXT. So once you enter the files present in the you enter the files present in the you enter the files present in the requirements txt will get installed. requirements txt will get installed. requirements txt will get installed. Awesome. So now let's move to the main Awesome. So now let's move to the main Awesome. So now let's move to the main code setup. So for that open app. py and code setup. So for that open app. py and code setup. So for that open app. py and start with imports. start with imports. start with imports. First let us import some important First let us import some important First let us import some important libraries. So for that import streaml as libraries. So for that import streaml as libraries. So for that import streaml as std std std from env from env from env import load env. import load env. import load env. And next load And next load And next load env env env which will load environment variables. which will load environment variables. which will load environment variables. And next let's import google.generative And next let's import google.generative And next let's import google.generative as genai as genai as genai and also import os. and from YouTube and also import os. and from YouTube and also import os. and from YouTube transcript API, transcript API, transcript API, import YouTube transcript API. import YouTube transcript API. import YouTube transcript API. So let's go to the YouTube transcript So let's go to the YouTube transcript So let's go to the YouTube transcript API and check if you're doing it API and check if you're doing it API and check if you're doing it correctly because in some system it correctly because in some system it correctly because in some system it doesn't work. So you can simply go here doesn't work. So you can simply go here doesn't work. So you can simply go here and copy this command and paste it into and copy this command and paste it into and copy this command and paste it into your terminal. your terminal. your terminal. Now let's move on to configure the API Now let's move on to configure the API Now let's move on to configure the API key. So for that just type genai key. So for that just type genai key. So for that just type genai dot configure dot configure dot configure and inside the bracket just type API and inside the bracket just type API and inside the bracket just type API key equal to OS dot get env and inside key equal to OS dot get env and inside key equal to OS dot get env and inside the bracket let's add the Google API key the bracket let's add the Google API key the bracket let's add the Google API key here. here. here. Now to prompt a model we will use a Now to prompt a model we will use a Now to prompt a model we will use a template like this. So simply type template like this. So simply type template like this. So simply type please summarize this YouTube video please summarize this YouTube video please summarize this YouTube video transcript in 250 words or less transcript in 250 words or less transcript in 250 words or less highlighting key points. Now moving on highlighting key points. Now moving on highlighting key points. Now moving on to extracting YouTube transcript. So for to extracting YouTube transcript. So for to extracting YouTube transcript. So for that to fetch the transcript we will that to fetch the transcript we will that to fetch the transcript we will create a function. So here in this code create a function. So here in this code create a function. So here in this code as you can see on the screen the as you can see on the screen the as you can see on the screen the function extract transcript details function extract transcript details function extract transcript details takes the YouTube URL as an input and takes the YouTube URL as an input and takes the YouTube URL as an input and retrieves the transcript of the video if retrieves the transcript of the video if retrieves the transcript of the video if available. First, it extracts the video available. First, it extracts the video available. First, it extracts the video ID from the URL by splitting the URL at ID from the URL by splitting the URL at ID from the URL by splitting the URL at the equal sign and taking the second the equal sign and taking the second the equal sign and taking the second part and using YouTube transcript API part and using YouTube transcript API part and using YouTube transcript API dot get transcript video ID, it fetches dot get transcript video ID, it fetches dot get transcript video ID, it fetches the transcript data for the video ID and the transcript data for the video ID and the transcript data for the video ID and it then combines the text from each part it then combines the text from each part it then combines the text from each part of the transcript into a single string of the transcript into a single string of the transcript into a single string and if there is an error like example no and if there is an error like example no and if there is an error like example no transcript available, it prints the transcript available, it prints the transcript available, it prints the error and returns none. So this function error and returns none. So this function error and returns none. So this function effectively converts a YouTube video URL effectively converts a YouTube video URL effectively converts a YouTube video URL into its textual transcript. Next, let's into its textual transcript. Next, let's into its textual transcript. Next, let's write a function to generate the write a function to generate the write a function to generate the summary. Here the generate Gemini summary. Here the generate Gemini summary. Here the generate Gemini content function generates the content content function generates the content content function generates the content based on the combination of transcript based on the combination of transcript based on the combination of transcript text and a prompt. So it first text and a prompt. So it first text and a prompt. So it first initializes a generative AI model called initializes a generative AI model called initializes a generative AI model called Gemini and then the model creates a Gemini and then the model creates a Gemini and then the model creates a content processing the combined input of content processing the combined input of content processing the combined input of prompt and transcript text and finally prompt and transcript text and finally prompt and transcript text and finally it returns the generated text from the it returns the generated text from the it returns the generated text from the model's response. So this function model's response. So this function model's response. So this function effectively uses the Gemini model to effectively uses the Gemini model to effectively uses the Gemini model to produce AI generated content based on produce AI generated content based on produce AI generated content based on the specific text inputs. Now let's move the specific text inputs. Now let's move the specific text inputs. Now let's move on to building the front end. Now to on to building the front end. Now to on to building the front end. Now to connect it all with streaml first add a connect it all with streaml first add a connect it all with streaml first add a button label get detailed notes. So when button label get detailed notes. So when button label get detailed notes. So when clicked it prompts the user to enter a clicked it prompts the user to enter a clicked it prompts the user to enter a YouTube link in a text input field and YouTube link in a text input field and YouTube link in a text input field and it uses the extract transcript details it uses the extract transcript details it uses the extract transcript details YouTube link to get video transcript. So YouTube link to get video transcript. So YouTube link to get video transcript. So if the transcript is successfully if the transcript is successfully if the transcript is successfully retrieved, it generates a detailed retrieved, it generates a detailed retrieved, it generates a detailed summary with generate Gemini content summary with generate Gemini content summary with generate Gemini content transcript text or prompt. So finally it transcript text or prompt. So finally it transcript text or prompt. So finally it displays the summary under the headings displays the summary under the headings displays the summary under the headings detailed summary. Now let's give a detailed summary. Now let's give a detailed summary. Now let's give a finishing touch to our app. So for that finishing touch to our app. So for that finishing touch to our app. So for that let's make it look great. You can add let's make it look great. You can add let's make it look great. You can add headers and also you can give a footer headers and also you can give a footer headers and also you can give a footer and maybe you can also add a YouTube and maybe you can also add a YouTube and maybe you can also add a YouTube icon to it and even customize colors and icon to it and even customize colors and icon to it and even customize colors and incorporating thumbnails if the link is incorporating thumbnails if the link is incorporating thumbnails if the link is valid will create an even richer valid will create an even richer valid will create an even richer experience. Now let us test the app. So experience. Now let us test the app. So experience. Now let us test the app. So finally let's run a command streamlit finally let's run a command streamlit finally let's run a command streamlit run app. py. run app. py. run app. py. As you can see on the screen our app is As you can see on the screen our app is As you can see on the screen our app is successfully running. And now let's successfully running. And now let's successfully running. And now let's check if it's running fine. So for that check if it's running fine. So for that check if it's running fine. So for that let's open our YouTube and here select a let's open our YouTube and here select a let's open our YouTube and here select a video that you want a summary of. So video that you want a summary of. So video that you want a summary of. So copy the link paste a YouTube link into copy the link paste a YouTube link into copy the link paste a YouTube link into the app and hit generate. the app and hit generate. the app and hit generate. As you can see on the screen it is As you can see on the screen it is As you can see on the screen it is running and in just a second you will running and in just a second you will running and in just a second you will get the summary of the video. It has get the summary of the video. It has get the summary of the video. It has given us the summary of the video. given us the summary of the video. given us the summary of the video. Also, there is no limit to the app and Also, there is no limit to the app and Also, there is no limit to the app and it will consider even the longer videos. it will consider even the longer videos. it will consider even the longer videos. And that's it. With just a few lines of And that's it. With just a few lines of And that's it. With just a few lines of code, we created a powerful YouTube code, we created a powerful YouTube code, we created a powerful YouTube summarizer using Streamlit and Google summarizer using Streamlit and Google summarizer using Streamlit and Google Gemini. Gemini. Gemini. [music] So, let's step back and look at the So, let's step back and look at the So, let's step back and look at the journey that brought us here. So, journey that brought us here. So, journey that brought us here. So, basically our journey starts in 1947 basically our journey starts in 1947 basically our journey starts in 1947 with Alan Curing's concept of with Alan Curing's concept of with Alan Curing's concept of intelligent machines. By 1961, Joseph intelligent machines. By 1961, Joseph intelligent machines. By 1961, Joseph Venbomb introduced ELA, the first Venbomb introduced ELA, the first Venbomb introduced ELA, the first chatbot. The 1980s saw the birth of chatbot. The 1980s saw the birth of chatbot. The 1980s saw the birth of recurrent neural networks while 1997 recurrent neural networks while 1997 recurrent neural networks while 1997 brought long short-term memory networks brought long short-term memory networks brought long short-term memory networks to tackle sequential data and then GANs to tackle sequential data and then GANs to tackle sequential data and then GANs emerged in 2014 transforming creative emerged in 2014 transforming creative emerged in 2014 transforming creative task. Fast forward to 2017 when task. Fast forward to 2017 when task. Fast forward to 2017 when transformers like GPT entered the scene. transformers like GPT entered the scene. transformers like GPT entered the scene. By 2023, GPT 3.5 and Google's palm By 2023, GPT 3.5 and Google's palm By 2023, GPT 3.5 and Google's palm marked significant milestones. And by marked significant milestones. And by marked significant milestones. And by 2025, we are on the brink of AI 2025, we are on the brink of AI 2025, we are on the brink of AI breakthroughs in chemistry and genome breakthroughs in chemistry and genome breakthroughs in chemistry and genome editing. So what exactly are these LLMs editing. So what exactly are these LLMs editing. So what exactly are these LLMs and why are they so powerful? An LLM or and why are they so powerful? An LLM or and why are they so powerful? An LLM or large language models analyzes and large language models analyzes and large language models analyzes and understands natural language using understands natural language using understands natural language using machine learning. Examples include machine learning. Examples include machine learning. Examples include OpenAI GPT, Google Spetas Lama. These OpenAI GPT, Google Spetas Lama. These OpenAI GPT, Google Spetas Lama. These models drive applications such as models drive applications such as models drive applications such as chatbots, language translation, and more chatbots, language translation, and more chatbots, language translation, and more by learning from extensive data to by learning from extensive data to by learning from extensive data to predict and generate text sequences. But predict and generate text sequences. But predict and generate text sequences. But before this, there was a very famous before this, there was a very famous before this, there was a very famous term called language model. A language term called language model. A language term called language model. A language model is a machine learning model that model is a machine learning model that model is a machine learning model that uses probability, statistics, and uses probability, statistics, and uses probability, statistics, and mathematics to predict the next sequence mathematics to predict the next sequence mathematics to predict the next sequence of words. Suppose you have a sentence of words. Suppose you have a sentence of words. Suppose you have a sentence like I have a boy who is my dash. Here like I have a boy who is my dash. Here like I have a boy who is my dash. Here if we ask a language model to predict if we ask a language model to predict if we ask a language model to predict the next word, it considers the context the next word, it considers the context the next word, it considers the context provided by the words before the blank. provided by the words before the blank. provided by the words before the blank. Based on common usage patterns from its Based on common usage patterns from its Based on common usage patterns from its training data, it may predict words like training data, it may predict words like training data, it may predict words like boyfriend, brother or friend, which fit boyfriend, brother or friend, which fit boyfriend, brother or friend, which fit naturally. However, it's less likely to naturally. However, it's less likely to naturally. However, it's less likely to predict colleague or sibling as those predict colleague or sibling as those predict colleague or sibling as those words may not commonly follow these type words may not commonly follow these type words may not commonly follow these type of phrases. So this process shows how of phrases. So this process shows how of phrases. So this process shows how language models predict text by language models predict text by language models predict text by calculating probabilities for each calculating probabilities for each calculating probabilities for each possible word based on their likelihood possible word based on their likelihood possible word based on their likelihood in context. in context. in context. So when a language model is trained on So when a language model is trained on So when a language model is trained on massive amounts of diverse text, it massive amounts of diverse text, it massive amounts of diverse text, it gains a wider vocabulary and more gains a wider vocabulary and more gains a wider vocabulary and more understanding of language enabling it to understanding of language enabling it to understanding of language enabling it to make more accurate predictions. For make more accurate predictions. For make more accurate predictions. For example, if we give it a phrase like you example, if we give it a phrase like you example, if we give it a phrase like you are a dash to me, a model trained on are a dash to me, a model trained on are a dash to me, a model trained on extensive data might suggest various extensive data might suggest various extensive data might suggest various fitting words. for example, friend, fitting words. for example, friend, fitting words. for example, friend, inspiration or anything else. So based inspiration or anything else. So based inspiration or anything else. So based on the sentiment or context it has on the sentiment or context it has on the sentiment or context it has learned from the data. Now here learned from the data. Now here learned from the data. Now here reinforcement learning is used to reinforcement learning is used to reinforcement learning is used to improve the model's responses over time improve the model's responses over time improve the model's responses over time by giving feedbacks be it positive or by giving feedbacks be it positive or by giving feedbacks be it positive or negative on the responses. We help the negative on the responses. We help the negative on the responses. We help the model learn which type of responses are model learn which type of responses are model learn which type of responses are preferred in specific context. For preferred in specific context. For preferred in specific context. For example, if the model frequently example, if the model frequently example, if the model frequently misinterprets the tone or intent, the misinterprets the tone or intent, the misinterprets the tone or intent, the reinforcement learning helps adjust its reinforcement learning helps adjust its reinforcement learning helps adjust its productions to be more contextually productions to be more contextually productions to be more contextually appropriate and aligned with the appropriate and aligned with the appropriate and aligned with the intended meaning. But what do these intended meaning. But what do these intended meaning. But what do these models look like under the hood? Well, models look like under the hood? Well, models look like under the hood? Well, LLMs are built on neural networks LLMs are built on neural networks LLMs are built on neural networks composed of input, hidden, and output composed of input, hidden, and output composed of input, hidden, and output layers. The hidden layer process layers. The hidden layer process layers. The hidden layer process information to learn complex patterns information to learn complex patterns information to learn complex patterns and more layers means the model can and more layers means the model can and more layers means the model can capture deeper insights. This structure capture deeper insights. This structure capture deeper insights. This structure allows LLM to perform task from allows LLM to perform task from allows LLM to perform task from generating text to complex code generating text to complex code generating text to complex code completions. Now how do these layers completions. Now how do these layers completions. Now how do these layers interact and function in real time. Now interact and function in real time. Now interact and function in real time. Now LLM is based on the transformer and a LLM is based on the transformer and a LLM is based on the transformer and a transformer uses deep learning to transformer uses deep learning to transformer uses deep learning to process any information coming to it. process any information coming to it. process any information coming to it. Now let me tell you a story of three Now let me tell you a story of three Now let me tell you a story of three friends. Imagine we have three friends. Imagine we have three friends. Imagine we have three characters. First is our friend. The characters. First is our friend. The characters. First is our friend. The next character is Minion Bob. And the next character is Minion Bob. And the next character is Minion Bob. And the third character is Gru. So our friend third character is Gru. So our friend third character is Gru. So our friend asks Bob, "What's the price of the jet? asks Bob, "What's the price of the jet? asks Bob, "What's the price of the jet? It must be $50,000." Minion Bob isn't It must be $50,000." Minion Bob isn't It must be $50,000." Minion Bob isn't sure. So he goes to Gru and asks, "Is sure. So he goes to Gru and asks, "Is sure. So he goes to Gru and asks, "Is the jet $50,000?" Grrew replies, "No, the jet $50,000?" Grrew replies, "No, the jet $50,000?" Grrew replies, "No, it's $70,000." it's $70,000." it's $70,000." In this back and forth, Minion Bob is In this back and forth, Minion Bob is In this back and forth, Minion Bob is like the neural network layer trying to like the neural network layer trying to like the neural network layer trying to make an accurate guess. So each time he make an accurate guess. So each time he make an accurate guess. So each time he goes back to group like receiving more goes back to group like receiving more goes back to group like receiving more data or feedback he gets corrected if data or feedback he gets corrected if data or feedback he gets corrected if his guess is wrong leading him to refine his guess is wrong leading him to refine his guess is wrong leading him to refine his response. Now after the first check his response. Now after the first check his response. Now after the first check minion Bob returns to our friend saying minion Bob returns to our friend saying minion Bob returns to our friend saying I guess it's more than $60,000. I guess it's more than $60,000. I guess it's more than $60,000. Our friend assumes it might be around Our friend assumes it might be around Our friend assumes it might be around $65,000 and sends Bob back to group to $65,000 and sends Bob back to group to $65,000 and sends Bob back to group to verify. Again group corrects him no it's verify. Again group corrects him no it's verify. Again group corrects him no it's actually $70,000. actually $70,000. actually $70,000. So this process repeats with Bob So this process repeats with Bob So this process repeats with Bob adjusting his guess each time. adjusting his guess each time. adjusting his guess each time. Eventually he learns that the correct Eventually he learns that the correct Eventually he learns that the correct answer is $70,000 and updates his answer is $70,000 and updates his answer is $70,000 and updates his knowledge. So just like minion Bob, knowledge. So just like minion Bob, knowledge. So just like minion Bob, neural networks make initial guesses neural networks make initial guesses neural networks make initial guesses based on available information with each based on available information with each based on available information with each feedback loop like Bob going back to feedback loop like Bob going back to feedback loop like Bob going back to group. The model's hidden layers adjust group. The model's hidden layers adjust group. The model's hidden layers adjust the parameters to refine its guesses the parameters to refine its guesses the parameters to refine its guesses ultimately arriving at the most accurate ultimately arriving at the most accurate ultimately arriving at the most accurate prediction possible. So after getting prediction possible. So after getting prediction possible. So after getting corrected multiple times, Min and Bob's corrected multiple times, Min and Bob's corrected multiple times, Min and Bob's guesses improve until he knows the price guesses improve until he knows the price guesses improve until he knows the price is $70,000. is $70,000. is $70,000. Similarly, in a neural network, Similarly, in a neural network, Similarly, in a neural network, gradually learning the correct answer gradually learning the correct answer gradually learning the correct answer through training. So once the network through training. So once the network through training. So once the network learns, it can give accurate answers in learns, it can give accurate answers in learns, it can give accurate answers in future cases without checking every future cases without checking every future cases without checking every time. Now let us move on to understand time. Now let us move on to understand time. Now let us move on to understand how LLMs work. LLMs begin the collection how LLMs work. LLMs begin the collection how LLMs work. LLMs begin the collection of data sets, then tokenize text and of data sets, then tokenize text and of data sets, then tokenize text and break it into a manageable pieces. Using break it into a manageable pieces. Using break it into a manageable pieces. Using a transformer architecture, they process a transformer architecture, they process a transformer architecture, they process the data sequence all at once, the data sequence all at once, the data sequence all at once, leveraging vast training data. LLMs leveraging vast training data. LLMs leveraging vast training data. LLMs contain millions of learn parameters contain millions of learn parameters contain millions of learn parameters that predict the text tokens and that predict the text tokens and that predict the text tokens and generate coherent outputs. Models often generate coherent outputs. Models often generate coherent outputs. Models often undergo pre-training for general undergo pre-training for general undergo pre-training for general knowledge and fine-tuning for specific knowledge and fine-tuning for specific knowledge and fine-tuning for specific task. So now let's see some practical task. So now let's see some practical task. So now let's see some practical uses of LLMs. uses of LLMs. uses of LLMs. LLM power content generation, creating LLM power content generation, creating LLM power content generation, creating anything from articles to code. They anything from articles to code. They anything from articles to code. They excel in language translation, enhanced excel in language translation, enhanced excel in language translation, enhanced search engines, personalized search engines, personalized search engines, personalized recommendation, code development recommendation, code development recommendation, code development assistance, and sentiment analysis, assistance, and sentiment analysis, assistance, and sentiment analysis, which also owe much to LLM's predictive which also owe much to LLM's predictive which also owe much to LLM's predictive capabilities. So guys, are you ready to capabilities. So guys, are you ready to capabilities. So guys, are you ready to use all that knowledge in coding and use all that knowledge in coding and use all that knowledge in coding and witness how these LLMs come together to witness how these LLMs come together to witness how these LLMs come together to drive innovation? Whether through drive innovation? Whether through drive innovation? Whether through developing applications, analyzing data, developing applications, analyzing data, developing applications, analyzing data, or building smart assistance, the gear or building smart assistance, the gear or building smart assistance, the gear of technology keep turning to unlock of technology keep turning to unlock of technology keep turning to unlock AI's full potential. So now let us look AI's full potential. So now let us look AI's full potential. So now let us look at our problem statement. So one of the at our problem statement. So one of the at our problem statement. So one of the difficulties in the healthcare industry difficulties in the healthcare industry difficulties in the healthcare industry is effectively evaluating medical is effectively evaluating medical is effectively evaluating medical pictures such as MRIs, CT scans and pictures such as MRIs, CT scans and pictures such as MRIs, CT scans and X-rays in order to identify anomalies X-rays in order to identify anomalies X-rays in order to identify anomalies and illnesses. This procedure takes a and illnesses. This procedure takes a and illnesses. This procedure takes a lot of time and calls from specialized lot of time and calls from specialized lot of time and calls from specialized understanding. Automated methods must be understanding. Automated methods must be understanding. Automated methods must be developed to help medical personnel developed to help medical personnel developed to help medical personnel recognize possible health problems in recognize possible health problems in recognize possible health problems in medical imaging. In order to provide medical imaging. In order to provide medical imaging. In order to provide better patient care, a system that better patient care, a system that better patient care, a system that integrates cuttingedge machine learning integrates cuttingedge machine learning integrates cuttingedge machine learning models with image analysis can greatly models with image analysis can greatly models with image analysis can greatly help in the early detection of diseases help in the early detection of diseases help in the early detection of diseases including cancer, infections, and other including cancer, infections, and other including cancer, infections, and other illnesses. So, the method uses illnesses. So, the method uses illnesses. So, the method uses generative AI to evaluate medical photos generative AI to evaluate medical photos generative AI to evaluate medical photos and generate a thorough diagnosis report and generate a thorough diagnosis report and generate a thorough diagnosis report based on the findings. This technology based on the findings. This technology based on the findings. This technology allows users to upload medical images allows users to upload medical images allows users to upload medical images which the AI model then processes. which the AI model then processes. which the AI model then processes. Now let us build our project on a Now let us build our project on a Now let us build our project on a medical image analysis application using medical image analysis application using medical image analysis application using streamlit Python and an LLM of Google streamlit Python and an LLM of Google streamlit Python and an LLM of Google Gemini AI. So this app helps health care Gemini AI. So this app helps health care Gemini AI. So this app helps health care professional analyze medical images such professional analyze medical images such professional analyze medical images such as X-rays, MRIs and CT scans to detect as X-rays, MRIs and CT scans to detect as X-rays, MRIs and CT scans to detect anomalies and diseases. First let's anomalies and diseases. First let's anomalies and diseases. First let's import the necessary libraries. So first import the necessary libraries. So first import the necessary libraries. So first import import import streamllet as st. streamllet as st. streamllet as st. So if this is not working or showing an So if this is not working or showing an So if this is not working or showing an error then open the terminal and write error then open the terminal and write error then open the terminal and write pip install streamllet pip install streamllet pip install streamllet and from path lib import path. and from path lib import path. and from path lib import path. Next import google dot generative AI as Next import google dot generative AI as Next import google dot generative AI as gen AI. So we are importing streamlit for the So we are importing streamlit for the So we are importing streamlit for the app interface and path from path lip for app interface and path from path lip for app interface and path from path lip for handling file paths and Google handling file paths and Google handling file paths and Google generative AI which allows us to generative AI which allows us to generative AI which allows us to interact with the Gemini AI model. Next interact with the Gemini AI model. Next interact with the Gemini AI model. Next we will configure Google's Gemini API by we will configure Google's Gemini API by we will configure Google's Gemini API by setting up our API key. So this will setting up our API key. So this will setting up our API key. So this will allow us to connect to the AI model and allow us to connect to the AI model and allow us to connect to the AI model and generate insights from medical images. generate insights from medical images. generate insights from medical images. So before proceeding let's get our API So before proceeding let's get our API So before proceeding let's get our API key and we will go to the Google to key and we will go to the Google to key and we will go to the Google to generate an API key. So on your left there is an API key So on your left there is an API key So on your left there is an API key option and after clicking you will get option and after clicking you will get option and after clicking you will get the create API option. So just select the create API option. So just select the create API option. So just select your model and create your API key. So as you can see the screen just copy So as you can see the screen just copy So as you can see the screen just copy this API key and go back to terminal. So this API key and go back to terminal. So this API key and go back to terminal. So now let's configure our model. So just now let's configure our model. So just now let's configure our model. So just type gel AI dot configure type gel AI dot configure type gel AI dot configure and inside the bracket give API key and inside the bracket give API key and inside the bracket give API key equal to and over here paste the key. equal to and over here paste the key. equal to and over here paste the key. Now we set up the system prompt which Now we set up the system prompt which Now we set up the system prompt which defines the role of the AI model. So the defines the role of the AI model. So the defines the role of the AI model. So the prompt specifies that our AI is a prompt specifies that our AI is a prompt specifies that our AI is a medical image analysis system capable of medical image analysis system capable of medical image analysis system capable of detecting diseases like cancer, detecting diseases like cancer, detecting diseases like cancer, cardiovascular issues, neurological cardiovascular issues, neurological cardiovascular issues, neurological conditions and more. So guys I have conditions and more. So guys I have conditions and more. So guys I have already researched the prompts and already researched the prompts and already researched the prompts and written here. So basically the system written here. So basically the system written here. So basically the system prompt should be inside the triple prompt should be inside the triple prompt should be inside the triple quotes. quotes. quotes. So this prompt guides the model to So this prompt guides the model to So this prompt guides the model to analyze medical images for conditions analyze medical images for conditions analyze medical images for conditions such as cancer, fractures, infections such as cancer, fractures, infections such as cancer, fractures, infections and more making it a valuable tool for and more making it a valuable tool for and more making it a valuable tool for healthcare professionals. Now let's healthcare professionals. Now let's healthcare professionals. Now let's configure the model settings for configure the model settings for configure the model settings for generating responses. We define generating responses. We define generating responses. We define parameters like temperature and top K to parameters like temperature and top K to parameters like temperature and top K to control the creativity of the model's control the creativity of the model's control the creativity of the model's output. First type generation_config output. First type generation_config output. First type generation_config equal to equal to equal to and inside the double quote we will give and inside the double quote we will give and inside the double quote we will give temperature temperature temperature which is 1 then which is 1 then which is 1 then top_p top_p top_p which is 0.95 next top k 40 next top k 40 next top k 40 then max output tokens which is 8192 two then max output tokens which is 8192 two then max output tokens which is 8192 two next response_m next response_m next response_m type which is of text or plane. type which is of text or plane. type which is of text or plane. So over here the temperature one that So over here the temperature one that So over here the temperature one that controls randomness a value of one given controls randomness a value of one given controls randomness a value of one given balanced output diversity. Next top P balanced output diversity. Next top P balanced output diversity. Next top P 0.95 uses nucleus sampling selecting 0.95 uses nucleus sampling selecting 0.95 uses nucleus sampling selecting tokens from the top 25% cumulative tokens from the top 25% cumulative tokens from the top 25% cumulative probability distribution for diverse probability distribution for diverse probability distribution for diverse responses. Next, the top K 40 which responses. Next, the top K 40 which responses. Next, the top K 40 which limits token selection to the top 40 limits token selection to the top 40 limits token selection to the top 40 tokens based on the probability. tokens based on the probability. tokens based on the probability. Narrowing possible outputs to high Narrowing possible outputs to high Narrowing possible outputs to high probability tokens. Next, max output probability tokens. Next, max output probability tokens. Next, max output token. This setting allows sponsors by token. This setting allows sponsors by token. This setting allows sponsors by limiting the maximum length of the limiting the maximum length of the limiting the maximum length of the generated text to 8,192 tokens. And then generated text to 8,192 tokens. And then generated text to 8,192 tokens. And then we have response m type which specifies we have response m type which specifies we have response m type which specifies the format of the output as plain text. the format of the output as plain text. the format of the output as plain text. So for more information read the Google So for more information read the Google So for more information read the Google Gemini documentation. Gemini documentation. Gemini documentation. Next we will also configure safety Next we will also configure safety Next we will also configure safety settings to ensure that the model settings to ensure that the model settings to ensure that the model doesn't generate harmful content. So for doesn't generate harmful content. So for doesn't generate harmful content. So for example we block categories like example we block categories like example we block categories like harassment, hate speech and sexual harassment, hate speech and sexual harassment, hate speech and sexual explicit content. Here we are using two explicit content. Here we are using two explicit content. Here we are using two things. First categories and then the things. First categories and then the things. First categories and then the threshold. Then copy this four times threshold. Then copy this four times threshold. Then copy this four times like harassment, hate speech and sexual like harassment, hate speech and sexual like harassment, hate speech and sexual explicit content. Now let's set up the explicit content. Now let's set up the explicit content. Now let's set up the layout for our streamlit application. So layout for our streamlit application. So layout for our streamlit application. So for that we will configure the title and for that we will configure the title and for that we will configure the title and the layout of the page and even add a the layout of the page and even add a the layout of the page and even add a logo to make the interface more user logo to make the interface more user logo to make the interface more user friendly. So first type st dot set friendly. So first type st dot set friendly. So first type st dot set page_config and inside the bracket let's give page and inside the bracket let's give page and inside the bracket let's give page title equal to and inside the double title equal to and inside the double title equal to and inside the double quotes we will give diagnostic analytics comma page icon equal to comma page icon equal to comma page icon equal to robot robot robot now let us type column 1 comma column 2 now let us type column 1 comma column 2 now let us type column 1 comma column 2 comma column 3 is equal to st dot comma column 3 is equal to st dot comma column 3 is equal to st dot columns and inside the bracket give 1 columns and inside the bracket give 1 columns and inside the bracket give 1 comma 2a 1 1 2a 1 next with column 2 so I'll be 1 2a 1 next with column 2 so I'll be 1 2a 1 next with column 2 so I'll be using edurea and medical images so this using edurea and medical images so this using edurea and medical images so this will show you how to set up images using will show you how to set up images using will show you how to set up images using streaml now type st dot image and give a streaml now type st dot image and give a streaml now type st dot image and give a bracket and inside the double quotes bracket and inside the double quotes bracket and inside the double quotes let's type edurea dotpng let's type edurea dotpng let's type edurea dotpng and give a comma and give width is equal and give a comma and give width is equal and give a comma and give width is equal to 200. to 200. to 200. Now let us copy and paste it for Now let us copy and paste it for Now let us copy and paste it for medical. medical. medical. So let's type medical.png. So let's type medical.png. So let's type medical.png. Here we are using streamllets column to Here we are using streamllets column to Here we are using streamllets column to center the logo and title and this makes center the logo and title and this makes center the logo and title and this makes the app look professional and visually the app look professional and visually the app look professional and visually appealing. Next, let's allow the user to appealing. Next, let's allow the user to appealing. Next, let's allow the user to upload medical images for analysis. So, upload medical images for analysis. So, upload medical images for analysis. So, we use Streamlits file uploader widget we use Streamlits file uploader widget we use Streamlits file uploader widget to accept image file in PNG, JPG or JPEG to accept image file in PNG, JPG or JPEG to accept image file in PNG, JPG or JPEG formats. For that, let's type upload formats. For that, let's type upload formats. For that, let's type upload file equal to ST dot file file equal to ST dot file file equal to ST dot file uploader and inside the bracket inside uploader and inside the bracket inside uploader and inside the bracket inside the double quotes, let's type please the double quotes, let's type please the double quotes, let's type please upload the medical images for analysis. upload the medical images for analysis. upload the medical images for analysis. Comma type is equal to so basically the image type is equal to so basically the image type is equal to so basically the image type is equal to and inside the bracket type is equal to and inside the bracket type is equal to and inside the bracket inside the double quotes let's give PNG inside the double quotes let's give PNG inside the double quotes let's give PNG comma jpg and jpeg comma jpg and jpeg comma jpg and jpeg next let us type submit button equal to next let us type submit button equal to next let us type submit button equal to st dotbutton st dotbutton st dotbutton and inside the bracket let's give and inside the bracket let's give and inside the bracket let's give generate image analysis is generate image analysis is generate image analysis is so here when the user uploads a file and so here when the user uploads a file and so here when the user uploads a file and click the generate image analysis button click the generate image analysis button click the generate image analysis button the model process the image and prepare the model process the image and prepare the model process the image and prepare it for analysis. So once the user submit it for analysis. So once the user submit it for analysis. So once the user submit the image we send it to the AI model for the image we send it to the AI model for the image we send it to the AI model for analysis and then the model generates a analysis and then the model generates a analysis and then the model generates a response based on the prompt and image response based on the prompt and image response based on the prompt and image which we then display in the app. So which we then display in the app. So which we then display in the app. So here as you can see the screen we have here as you can see the screen we have here as you can see the screen we have another function. So the if submit another function. So the if submit another function. So the if submit button which runs the code when the button which runs the code when the button which runs the code when the submit button is pressed. Next the image submit button is pressed. Next the image submit button is pressed. Next the image data is equal to upload file.get value. data is equal to upload file.get value. data is equal to upload file.get value. This actually gets the raw image data This actually gets the raw image data This actually gets the raw image data from the uploaded file. And next we have from the uploaded file. And next we have from the uploaded file. And next we have the image parts where it creates a list the image parts where it creates a list the image parts where it creates a list with the image data in a structured with the image data in a structured with the image data in a structured format. Then we have the prompt parts. format. Then we have the prompt parts. format. Then we have the prompt parts. So this combines the image data and a So this combines the image data and a So this combines the image data and a text prompt for the model. So this part text prompt for the model. So this part text prompt for the model. So this part of the code actually sends the image and of the code actually sends the image and of the code actually sends the image and text prompt to the model to generate a text prompt to the model to generate a text prompt to the model to generate a response. And then we have the st.right response. And then we have the st.right response. And then we have the st.right which displays the model's responses in which displays the model's responses in which displays the model's responses in the app. So here we use the image data the app. So here we use the image data the app. So here we use the image data and system prompts to generate content and system prompts to generate content and system prompts to generate content with the Gemini AI model. The result is with the Gemini AI model. The result is with the Gemini AI model. The result is displayed as a detailed report with displayed as a detailed report with displayed as a detailed report with insights about the medical image. Now insights about the medical image. Now insights about the medical image. Now it's time to test the code. So open the it's time to test the code. So open the it's time to test the code. So open the terminal and type streamllet run main. terminal and type streamllet run main. terminal and type streamllet run main. py. So once you enter it will redirect py. So once you enter it will redirect py. So once you enter it will redirect you to our model interface. you to our model interface. you to our model interface. And there you go. And there you go. And there you go. So the model is ready. So here's a live So the model is ready. So here's a live So the model is ready. So here's a live demo of the app. We will upload a sample demo of the app. We will upload a sample demo of the app. We will upload a sample image and the app will analyze it and image and the app will analyze it and image and the app will analyze it and provide a detailed diagnosis based on provide a detailed diagnosis based on provide a detailed diagnosis based on the AI models inside. So this is how we the AI models inside. So this is how we the AI models inside. So this is how we use streamlate and Google's Gemini AI use streamlate and Google's Gemini AI use streamlate and Google's Gemini AI model to create a medical image analysis model to create a medical image analysis model to create a medical image analysis app. So this app can help medical app. So this app can help medical app. So this app can help medical practitioners by offering precise and practitioners by offering precise and practitioners by offering precise and thorough analysis of medical photos. Now thorough analysis of medical photos. Now thorough analysis of medical photos. Now it is the time for testing. So let's it is the time for testing. So let's it is the time for testing. So let's take one image of any disease and test take one image of any disease and test take one image of any disease and test it. So upload the image from your it. So upload the image from your it. So upload the image from your computer. computer. computer. Then we will select an image and press Then we will select an image and press Then we will select an image and press the generate button. So as you can see the generate button. So as you can see the generate button. So as you can see it's running. So it generates fabulous response and So it generates fabulous response and So it generates fabulous response and can help doctors in assisting their can help doctors in assisting their can help doctors in assisting their patients saving time and money. So this patients saving time and money. So this patients saving time and money. So this is how we built a realtime medical is how we built a realtime medical is how we built a realtime medical diagnostic helper using Streamlit Python diagnostic helper using Streamlit Python diagnostic helper using Streamlit Python and Google Gemini AI. [music] [music] [music] Chat GPT chat GPT Chat GPT this has been Chat GPT chat GPT Chat GPT this has been Chat GPT chat GPT Chat GPT this has been the buzzword since the day of its the buzzword since the day of its the buzzword since the day of its release and people are going crazy about release and people are going crazy about release and people are going crazy about everything it can do Microsoft will be everything it can do Microsoft will be everything it can do Microsoft will be integrating chat GPT into teams to integrating chat GPT into teams to integrating chat GPT into teams to automatically take notes and recommend automatically take notes and recommend automatically take notes and recommend tasks. Chad GPT has also passed the US tasks. Chad GPT has also passed the US tasks. Chad GPT has also passed the US medical and law exams and it has got a medical and law exams and it has got a medical and law exams and it has got a lot of doctors, lawyers and engineers lot of doctors, lawyers and engineers lot of doctors, lawyers and engineers concerned about whether it could replace concerned about whether it could replace concerned about whether it could replace them. People want to know if chat GPT is them. People want to know if chat GPT is them. People want to know if chat GPT is the next step towards our evolution by the next step towards our evolution by the next step towards our evolution by replacing Google and voice assistants replacing Google and voice assistants replacing Google and voice assistants like Siri and Alexa. But what exactly is like Siri and Alexa. But what exactly is like Siri and Alexa. But what exactly is chat GPT? Why is it changing everything? chat GPT? Why is it changing everything? chat GPT? Why is it changing everything? Now I want you to think of chat GPT like Now I want you to think of chat GPT like Now I want you to think of chat GPT like Siri or Alexa minus the voice Siri or Alexa minus the voice Siri or Alexa minus the voice capabilities. capabilities. capabilities. Chat GPT can give you detailed and Chat GPT can give you detailed and Chat GPT can give you detailed and contextual answers in a very humanlike contextual answers in a very humanlike contextual answers in a very humanlike manner. manner. manner. It can remember conversations, do math, It can remember conversations, do math, It can remember conversations, do math, write essays, and much more. And it does write essays, and much more. And it does write essays, and much more. And it does it so well that people are genuinely it so well that people are genuinely it so well that people are genuinely scared of losing their jobs. Now, Chat scared of losing their jobs. Now, Chat scared of losing their jobs. Now, Chat GPT is not really a new concept. GPT is not really a new concept. GPT is not really a new concept. Microsoft and other companies have also Microsoft and other companies have also Microsoft and other companies have also tried this before, but were nowhere near tried this before, but were nowhere near tried this before, but were nowhere near successful. Open AAI developed a model successful. Open AAI developed a model successful. Open AAI developed a model called GPT3 using huge data sets that called GPT3 using huge data sets that called GPT3 using huge data sets that had a variety of information. They had a variety of information. They had a variety of information. They released it to the public calling it released it to the public calling it released it to the public calling it playground where a lot of developers playground where a lot of developers playground where a lot of developers used it for the daily tasks. used it for the daily tasks. used it for the daily tasks. Chad GPT has been another implementation Chad GPT has been another implementation Chad GPT has been another implementation of this. OpenAI took a year to make this of this. OpenAI took a year to make this of this. OpenAI took a year to make this model faster and more accessible to the model faster and more accessible to the model faster and more accessible to the general public and when they released it general public and when they released it general public and when they released it in November 2022, the crowd went nuts. in November 2022, the crowd went nuts. in November 2022, the crowd went nuts. The site gained more than a million The site gained more than a million The site gained more than a million users in just 5 days. And to give you users in just 5 days. And to give you users in just 5 days. And to give you some perspective, this number is bigger some perspective, this number is bigger some perspective, this number is bigger than Netflix, Twitter, Facebook, and than Netflix, Twitter, Facebook, and than Netflix, Twitter, Facebook, and even Instagram. All that said, I want to even Instagram. All that said, I want to even Instagram. All that said, I want to let you know how everyone is using CH let you know how everyone is using CH let you know how everyone is using CH GPT to simplify business operations. GPT to simplify business operations. GPT to simplify business operations. For developers, Chad GPT has been a For developers, Chad GPT has been a For developers, Chad GPT has been a blessing. Since CH GPT can write code, blessing. Since CH GPT can write code, blessing. Since CH GPT can write code, provide code templates, and fix errors, provide code templates, and fix errors, provide code templates, and fix errors, most of the problems that developers most of the problems that developers most of the problems that developers usually run into has been fixed. As a usually run into has been fixed. As a usually run into has been fixed. As a result of this, productivity has greatly result of this, productivity has greatly result of this, productivity has greatly increased and companies are getting more increased and companies are getting more increased and companies are getting more results. It's the same thing with results. It's the same thing with results. It's the same thing with content development. Videos like this content development. Videos like this content development. Videos like this one traditionally take a lot of time and one traditionally take a lot of time and one traditionally take a lot of time and effort to be made. We have to think effort to be made. We have to think effort to be made. We have to think about how best to explain things so that about how best to explain things so that about how best to explain things so that you the viewer can easily understand it you the viewer can easily understand it you the viewer can easily understand it while making sure that the content is while making sure that the content is while making sure that the content is SEOfriendly and extremely engaging. SEOfriendly and extremely engaging. SEOfriendly and extremely engaging. Chat GPT has also helped us give you Chat GPT has also helped us give you Chat GPT has also helped us give you better, more optimized content while better, more optimized content while better, more optimized content while reducing our workload. By the way, did reducing our workload. By the way, did reducing our workload. By the way, did you know that chat GPT can explain stuff you know that chat GPT can explain stuff you know that chat GPT can explain stuff better than most university professors? better than most university professors? better than most university professors? I guess it's time we contemplated our I guess it's time we contemplated our I guess it's time we contemplated our learning methods. Marketing and sales learning methods. Marketing and sales learning methods. Marketing and sales has also been much easier than before. has also been much easier than before. has also been much easier than before. Think about it like this. If you want to Think about it like this. If you want to Think about it like this. If you want to make a customized sales pitch, all you make a customized sales pitch, all you make a customized sales pitch, all you need to do is enter the details. Chat need to do is enter the details. Chat need to do is enter the details. Chat GPT can provide a customized sales pitch GPT can provide a customized sales pitch GPT can provide a customized sales pitch for each individual lead. How convenient for each individual lead. How convenient for each individual lead. How convenient is that? And it doesn't just end there. is that? And it doesn't just end there. is that? And it doesn't just end there. Chat GPT can also be integrated with Chat GPT can also be integrated with Chat GPT can also be integrated with accounting and data analytics platforms. accounting and data analytics platforms. accounting and data analytics platforms. So you don't need to know the formulas So you don't need to know the formulas So you don't need to know the formulas directly. All you need to have is data directly. All you need to have is data directly. All you need to have is data and you just need to type what you want and you just need to type what you want and you just need to type what you want to do. If all this doesn't blow your to do. If all this doesn't blow your to do. If all this doesn't blow your mind just yet, then know that mind just yet, then know that mind just yet, then know that psychologists and psychiatrists are psychologists and psychiatrists are psychologists and psychiatrists are using chat GPT to help and counsel their using chat GPT to help and counsel their using chat GPT to help and counsel their patients. patients. patients. Now, if you are questioning whether it Now, if you are questioning whether it Now, if you are questioning whether it would really be helpful, then let me would really be helpful, then let me would really be helpful, then let me tell you, it can. I just had a 30inut tell you, it can. I just had a 30inut tell you, it can. I just had a 30inut conversation with Chad GPT about my dog conversation with Chad GPT about my dog conversation with Chad GPT about my dog and it seemed way more interested in him and it seemed way more interested in him and it seemed way more interested in him than most of the people I usually talk than most of the people I usually talk than most of the people I usually talk to about this. All that said, if you to about this. All that said, if you to about this. All that said, if you want to start using chat GPT, then all want to start using chat GPT, then all want to start using chat GPT, then all you need to do is open chat.openai.com. This is the URL of chat GPT. And the This is the URL of chat GPT. And the This is the URL of chat GPT. And the moment you open this, it will ask you to moment you open this, it will ask you to moment you open this, it will ask you to create an account. create an account. create an account. Once you do that, you will land in a web Once you do that, you will land in a web Once you do that, you will land in a web page similar to this. Let's start with a page similar to this. Let's start with a page similar to this. Let's start with a simple question about programming. simple question about programming. simple question about programming. This is just a random question on Stack This is just a random question on Stack This is just a random question on Stack Overflow which I will be using for this Overflow which I will be using for this Overflow which I will be using for this demonstration. demonstration. demonstration. How to check if an array includes a How to check if an array includes a How to check if an array includes a value in JavaScript. value in JavaScript. value in JavaScript. The user has also provided some code and The user has also provided some code and The user has also provided some code and he has said that he only knows how to do he has said that he only knows how to do he has said that he only knows how to do it like this. Is there a better way? And it like this. Is there a better way? And it like this. Is there a better way? And once we ask Chad GPT the same thing, once we ask Chad GPT the same thing, once we ask Chad GPT the same thing, boom, Chad GPT is on it. It finds a boom, Chad GPT is on it. It finds a boom, Chad GPT is on it. It finds a solution and provides the best answer it solution and provides the best answer it solution and provides the best answer it could think of. If you look at the could think of. If you look at the could think of. If you look at the question, while the solution might be question, while the solution might be question, while the solution might be simple, the complexity of conditions and simple, the complexity of conditions and simple, the complexity of conditions and following my instructions properly is following my instructions properly is following my instructions properly is quite hard. Chat GPT ease through it and quite hard. Chat GPT ease through it and quite hard. Chat GPT ease through it and also provided a sample snippet which I also provided a sample snippet which I also provided a sample snippet which I can directly copy and paste into my can directly copy and paste into my can directly copy and paste into my editor. But this is not the only thing. editor. But this is not the only thing. editor. But this is not the only thing. It can also give you complete guides on It can also give you complete guides on It can also give you complete guides on how to do something. Like for example, how to do something. Like for example, how to do something. Like for example, let me type using Python, help me fetch let me type using Python, help me fetch let me type using Python, help me fetch data for Nifty Bank for the past 3 data for Nifty Bank for the past 3 data for Nifty Bank for the past 3 years. years. years. Chat GPT is already providing Chat GPT is already providing Chat GPT is already providing explanation and code of how this can be explanation and code of how this can be explanation and code of how this can be done and is pretty damn cool. Now done and is pretty damn cool. Now done and is pretty damn cool. Now remember that chat GPT remembers remember that chat GPT remembers remember that chat GPT remembers conversations and can have future conversations and can have future conversations and can have future answers based on it. So now if I type answers based on it. So now if I type answers based on it. So now if I type great, how can I create an AI model that great, how can I create an AI model that great, how can I create an AI model that can predict values using this data? It can predict values using this data? It can predict values using this data? It immediately understands what I want and immediately understands what I want and immediately understands what I want and provides an accurate answer. The answer provides an accurate answer. The answer provides an accurate answer. The answer might not be everything that you hope might not be everything that you hope might not be everything that you hope for, but at least now you know where to for, but at least now you know where to for, but at least now you know where to start from. Another use case for chat start from. Another use case for chat start from. Another use case for chat GPT that we talked about was content GPT that we talked about was content GPT that we talked about was content creation. To do this, let's create a new creation. To do this, let's create a new creation. To do this, let's create a new chat thread. This makes sure that the chat thread. This makes sure that the chat thread. This makes sure that the previous conversations don't affect the previous conversations don't affect the previous conversations don't affect the current conversation. If we start current conversation. If we start current conversation. If we start without a new chat thread, chat GPT without a new chat thread, chat GPT without a new chat thread, chat GPT might think that we are trying to write might think that we are trying to write might think that we are trying to write content about stocks and machine content about stocks and machine content about stocks and machine learning. We don't want to do that now, learning. We don't want to do that now, learning. We don't want to do that now, do we? So, let me ask chat GPT to give do we? So, let me ask chat GPT to give do we? So, let me ask chat GPT to give me blog ideas for chat GPT itself. And me blog ideas for chat GPT itself. And me blog ideas for chat GPT itself. And we already have multiple blog ideas for we already have multiple blog ideas for we already have multiple blog ideas for chat GPT. We can then ask it to write a chat GPT. We can then ask it to write a chat GPT. We can then ask it to write a story based on some option. We can then story based on some option. We can then story based on some option. We can then say I like the third option. Could you say I like the third option. Could you say I like the third option. Could you create a story line for it? And we can create a story line for it? And we can create a story line for it? And we can see that Chad GPT immediately starts see that Chad GPT immediately starts see that Chad GPT immediately starts generating a story line based on my generating a story line based on my generating a story line based on my option. It includes an introduction and option. It includes an introduction and option. It includes an introduction and sections of what my blog will contain. sections of what my blog will contain. sections of what my blog will contain. Similarly, we can also create a sales Similarly, we can also create a sales Similarly, we can also create a sales pitch. pitch. pitch. Let's just say create a motorbike sales Let's just say create a motorbike sales Let's just say create a motorbike sales pitch for a person with the following pitch for a person with the following pitch for a person with the following details. And then I have listed down a details. And then I have listed down a details. And then I have listed down a few details like name, product, age, few details like name, product, age, few details like name, product, age, country, and source. country, and source. country, and source. And once we submit this prompt, we can And once we submit this prompt, we can And once we submit this prompt, we can see that chat GPT immediately starts see that chat GPT immediately starts see that chat GPT immediately starts writing a beautiful sales pitch. You can writing a beautiful sales pitch. You can writing a beautiful sales pitch. You can even use the sales pitch directly if you even use the sales pitch directly if you even use the sales pitch directly if you want. want. want. Now if we dive too deep into this Now if we dive too deep into this Now if we dive too deep into this subject then this video will take subject then this video will take subject then this video will take forever to finish. So if you are forever to finish. So if you are forever to finish. So if you are interested in knowing more about how to interested in knowing more about how to interested in knowing more about how to use chat GPT then check our course on use chat GPT then check our course on use chat GPT then check our course on chat GPT which will not only cover the chat GPT which will not only cover the chat GPT which will not only cover the basics of chat GPT but also the advanced basics of chat GPT but also the advanced basics of chat GPT but also the advanced and complex usage for different and complex usage for different and complex usage for different scenarios. But before we end this video scenarios. But before we end this video scenarios. But before we end this video I definitely need to make you aware of a I definitely need to make you aware of a I definitely need to make you aware of a few limitations. few limitations. few limitations. The first thing is that it may The first thing is that it may The first thing is that it may occasionally provide incorrect occasionally provide incorrect occasionally provide incorrect information. You should know that chat information. You should know that chat information. You should know that chat GPT is a relatively new application and GPT is a relatively new application and GPT is a relatively new application and it needs some time to improve. The it needs some time to improve. The it needs some time to improve. The current version of this is a free current version of this is a free current version of this is a free research preview, meaning that they have research preview, meaning that they have research preview, meaning that they have released it to test the application. released it to test the application. released it to test the application. This statement could also mean that we This statement could also mean that we This statement could also mean that we might see an improved paid version of might see an improved paid version of might see an improved paid version of this in the future. There's a lot of this in the future. There's a lot of this in the future. There's a lot of rumor going about that already. The rumor going about that already. The rumor going about that already. The second limitation is that it may second limitation is that it may second limitation is that it may occasionally produce harmful or biased occasionally produce harmful or biased occasionally produce harmful or biased content. This is something that we have content. This is something that we have content. This is something that we have seen in all chatbots in the past and seen in all chatbots in the past and seen in all chatbots in the past and chat GPD has reduced the occurrence but chat GPD has reduced the occurrence but chat GPD has reduced the occurrence but it's still not perfect. it's still not perfect. it's still not perfect. But the biggest drawback is that the But the biggest drawback is that the But the biggest drawback is that the model was trained on data collected model was trained on data collected model was trained on data collected before 2021. before 2021. before 2021. This means that it has very limited This means that it has very limited This means that it has very limited knowledge about the current affairs. So knowledge about the current affairs. So knowledge about the current affairs. So make sure to check the facts before make sure to check the facts before make sure to check the facts before drawing conclusions. I want to know what you think of chat I want to know what you think of chat I want to know what you think of chat GPT. How do you think it will look in GPT. How do you think it will look in GPT. How do you think it will look in the future? What do you think about the the future? What do you think about the the future? What do you think about the f future of automation? I personally f future of automation? I personally f future of automation? I personally think that we can expect radical changes think that we can expect radical changes think that we can expect radical changes in all segments. Imagine voice in all segments. Imagine voice in all segments. Imagine voice assistance being as intelligent as chat assistance being as intelligent as chat assistance being as intelligent as chat GPT. And if it is updated with realtime GPT. And if it is updated with realtime GPT. And if it is updated with realtime information, things would be much more information, things would be much more information, things would be much more convenient than now. You could shop convenient than now. You could shop convenient than now. You could shop online with Chad GPT's recommendations, online with Chad GPT's recommendations, online with Chad GPT's recommendations, find good restaurants, meet new people, find good restaurants, meet new people, find good restaurants, meet new people, plan trips, and much more. Let us know plan trips, and much more. Let us know plan trips, and much more. Let us know what you expect during this change in what you expect during this change in what you expect during this change in the comments down below. What is prompt engineering for code What is prompt engineering for code What is prompt engineering for code generation? Prompt engineering is a generation? Prompt engineering is a generation? Prompt engineering is a process that creates a specific prompts process that creates a specific prompts process that creates a specific prompts or instructions for AI language models or instructions for AI language models or instructions for AI language models to generate a code snippets or scripts. to generate a code snippets or scripts. to generate a code snippets or scripts. It involves defining objects, using It involves defining objects, using It involves defining objects, using relevant keywords, providing examples relevant keywords, providing examples relevant keywords, providing examples and being specific and concise. This and being specific and concise. This and being specific and concise. This process enhances the accuracy, process enhances the accuracy, process enhances the accuracy, efficiency, and relevance of code efficiency, and relevance of code efficiency, and relevance of code generation tasks performed by AI models. generation tasks performed by AI models. generation tasks performed by AI models. understanding how prompts LLMS can lead understanding how prompts LLMS can lead understanding how prompts LLMS can lead to more powerful and efficient to more powerful and efficient to more powerful and efficient applications. Now let's understand the applications. Now let's understand the applications. Now let's understand the principles of prompt engineering. These principles of prompt engineering. These principles of prompt engineering. These principles provide a basic guidelines principles provide a basic guidelines principles provide a basic guidelines that can create a consistently used to that can create a consistently used to that can create a consistently used to increase prompt engineering increase prompt engineering increase prompt engineering effectiveness when it comes to code effectiveness when it comes to code effectiveness when it comes to code generation tasks. First one is clarify generation tasks. First one is clarify generation tasks. First one is clarify objective and understand task or goal. objective and understand task or goal. objective and understand task or goal. And second one is utilize keywords and And second one is utilize keywords and And second one is utilize keywords and specificity. And the third one is specificity. And the third one is specificity. And the third one is provide examples for context. Next one provide examples for context. Next one provide examples for context. Next one is conciseness and relevance. And the is conciseness and relevance. And the is conciseness and relevance. And the last one is encourage creativity and last one is encourage creativity and last one is encourage creativity and adaptability. Let's understand them in adaptability. Let's understand them in adaptability. Let's understand them in brief. First one is clarify objective brief. First one is clarify objective brief. First one is clarify objective and understand task or goal. Here and understand task or goal. Here and understand task or goal. Here understanding what you want from code understanding what you want from code understanding what you want from code output including inputs, outputs, output including inputs, outputs, output including inputs, outputs, evaluation criteria and any constraints evaluation criteria and any constraints evaluation criteria and any constraints or difficulties is essential before or difficulties is essential before or difficulties is essential before creating a prompt. It is easier to creating a prompt. It is easier to creating a prompt. It is easier to develop prompts that accurately guide develop prompts that accurately guide develop prompts that accurately guide the model towards a desired outcome the model towards a desired outcome the model towards a desired outcome where there is a clarity. And the second where there is a clarity. And the second where there is a clarity. And the second one is utilize keywords and specificity. one is utilize keywords and specificity. one is utilize keywords and specificity. Including a appropriate keyword in a Including a appropriate keyword in a Including a appropriate keyword in a prompt helps to communicate the prompt helps to communicate the prompt helps to communicate the specificis of the task to the model. By specificis of the task to the model. By specificis of the task to the model. By avoiding inconsistency and using a clear avoiding inconsistency and using a clear avoiding inconsistency and using a clear language and instructions, you can make language and instructions, you can make language and instructions, you can make sure that the model produces a precise sure that the model produces a precise sure that the model produces a precise and focused code rather than requesting and focused code rather than requesting and focused code rather than requesting a function to process data. For example, a function to process data. For example, a function to process data. For example, be explicit about the kind of data and be explicit about the kind of data and be explicit about the kind of data and expected actions. And the next one is expected actions. And the next one is expected actions. And the next one is provide examples for the context. The provide examples for the context. The provide examples for the context. The model can better understand the expected model can better understand the expected model can better understand the expected output format and functionality by output format and functionality by output format and functionality by referring to the examples. Prompts are referring to the examples. Prompts are referring to the examples. Prompts are made more understandable by providing a made more understandable by providing a made more understandable by providing a specific examples of the desired code specific examples of the desired code specific examples of the desired code which helps the models to understand the which helps the models to understand the which helps the models to understand the task. This will increase the probability task. This will increase the probability task. This will increase the probability of producing a code that is in align of producing a code that is in align of producing a code that is in align with the expectation. And next one is with the expectation. And next one is with the expectation. And next one is conciseness and relevance. The prompts conciseness and relevance. The prompts conciseness and relevance. The prompts needs to be brief concentrating on needs to be brief concentrating on needs to be brief concentrating on relevant information that is crucial to relevant information that is crucial to relevant information that is crucial to the assignment and excluding unnecessary the assignment and excluding unnecessary the assignment and excluding unnecessary informations. Code generation is made informations. Code generation is made informations. Code generation is made more efficient by the model. Simplified more efficient by the model. Simplified more efficient by the model. Simplified decision making process and clear and decision making process and clear and decision making process and clear and concise prompts reduces the confusion. concise prompts reduces the confusion. concise prompts reduces the confusion. Removing irrelevant informations lowers Removing irrelevant informations lowers Removing irrelevant informations lowers noise and improves the timely noise and improves the timely noise and improves the timely efficiency. And the last one is efficiency. And the last one is efficiency. And the last one is encourage creativity and adaptability. encourage creativity and adaptability. encourage creativity and adaptability. Flexible prompt formulation allows for Flexible prompt formulation allows for Flexible prompt formulation allows for experimentation with the various experimentation with the various experimentation with the various strategies such as linguistic strategies such as linguistic strategies such as linguistic structures, constraints or templates, structures, constraints or templates, structures, constraints or templates, continuous improvements in prompt by continuous improvements in prompt by continuous improvements in prompt by tracking a model outputs and iteratively tracking a model outputs and iteratively tracking a model outputs and iteratively improving prompts. This design improving prompts. This design improving prompts. This design creativity maximizes the code generation creativity maximizes the code generation creativity maximizes the code generation results by adapting to a various results by adapting to a various results by adapting to a various scenarios. Now how prompt engineering is scenarios. Now how prompt engineering is scenarios. Now how prompt engineering is employed in various tools for code employed in various tools for code employed in various tools for code generations. First one is GitHub generations. First one is GitHub generations. First one is GitHub copilot. Based on given prompts, GitHub copilot. Based on given prompts, GitHub copilot. Based on given prompts, GitHub copilot suggest completions, creates copilot suggest completions, creates copilot suggest completions, creates documentations and suggest new features documentations and suggest new features documentations and suggest new features to help developers write code. And to help developers write code. And to help developers write code. And second one is Google AI code dincy. This second one is Google AI code dincy. This second one is Google AI code dincy. This helps developers to write code in a helps developers to write code in a helps developers to write code in a variety of programming languages by variety of programming languages by variety of programming languages by using prompt engineering. Producing code using prompt engineering. Producing code using prompt engineering. Producing code snippets in line with a predefined snippets in line with a predefined snippets in line with a predefined prompts facilitating a variety of task prompts facilitating a variety of task prompts facilitating a variety of task from web development to a natural from web development to a natural from web development to a natural language processing and machine language processing and machine language processing and machine learning. And the third one is open AI learning. And the third one is open AI learning. And the third one is open AI codeex. Codex assist developers with a codeex. Codex assist developers with a codeex. Codex assist developers with a coding task in a variety of domains such coding task in a variety of domains such coding task in a variety of domains such as data science, web development, and as data science, web development, and as data science, web development, and game development by utilizing prompts game development by utilizing prompts game development by utilizing prompts engineering. It creates a code in a engineering. It creates a code in a engineering. It creates a code in a number of programming languages based on number of programming languages based on number of programming languages based on the precise instructions that users the precise instructions that users the precise instructions that users provide. Now, prompt engineering is provide. Now, prompt engineering is provide. Now, prompt engineering is crucial for guiding AI models in crucial for guiding AI models in crucial for guiding AI models in generating code accurately. Let's generating code accurately. Let's generating code accurately. Let's explore practical examples across explore practical examples across explore practical examples across different complexity levels. First we different complexity levels. First we different complexity levels. First we will try for universal starter code that will try for universal starter code that will try for universal starter code that is hello world program in Java. So for is hello world program in Java. So for is hello world program in Java. So for that we have to give a prompt like that we have to give a prompt like that we have to give a prompt like generate generate generate a hello world program a hello world program a hello world program in Java. in Java. in Java. Hit the enter button. You will get a Hit the enter button. You will get a Hit the enter button. You will get a code of hello world program in Java. code of hello world program in Java. code of hello world program in Java. Next we will look into the basics one Next we will look into the basics one Next we will look into the basics one that is sum of two numbers. For this we that is sum of two numbers. For this we that is sum of two numbers. For this we have to give a prompt like have to give a prompt like have to give a prompt like generate a function in Python that takes two numbers as input and returns their sum. So now you can see here the Python code So now you can see here the Python code So now you can see here the Python code is generated with a function name add is generated with a function name add is generated with a function name add numbers. So now we have seen how easy numbers. So now we have seen how easy numbers. So now we have seen how easy level task works. Let's move on to the level task works. Let's move on to the level task works. Let's move on to the medium level examples. We'll try for to medium level examples. We'll try for to medium level examples. We'll try for to turn the commands into code. First we'll turn the commands into code. First we'll turn the commands into code. First we'll create a list of countries and then create a list of countries and then create a list of countries and then generate a list of their respective generate a list of their respective generate a list of their respective capitals. After that merge the list to capitals. After that merge the list to capitals. After that merge the list to create a dictionary mapping each country create a dictionary mapping each country create a dictionary mapping each country to its capital. To get this we have to to its capital. To get this we have to to its capital. To get this we have to give a prompt as give a prompt as give a prompt as generate generate generate Python code Python code Python code to create a list to create a list to create a list of countries and generate their corresponding their corresponding their corresponding capitals and combine them into a capitals and combine them into a capitals and combine them into a dictionary. Mapping countries to capitals. Mapping countries to capitals. Mapping countries to capitals. Hit the enter button. Here is the Hit the enter button. Here is the Hit the enter button. Here is the generated Python code for given prompt. generated Python code for given prompt. generated Python code for given prompt. Here you can see the country's name and Here you can see the country's name and Here you can see the country's name and also generated a corresponding capitals. also generated a corresponding capitals. also generated a corresponding capitals. So this function define generate capital So this function define generate capital So this function define generate capital which gave us dictionary mapping which gave us dictionary mapping which gave us dictionary mapping countries to capitals. Next one complete countries to capitals. Next one complete countries to capitals. Next one complete function or next line. If I want to function or next line. If I want to function or next line. If I want to complete a function to calculate the complete a function to calculate the complete a function to calculate the area of rectangle, then we have to give area of rectangle, then we have to give area of rectangle, then we have to give a prompt as a prompt as a prompt as write a Python function named calculate rectangle calculate rectangle calculate rectangle area that takes the two parameter area that takes the two parameter area that takes the two parameter as length and width as length and width as length and width and returns the area of rectangle. And to include the comments, we just And to include the comments, we just And to include the comments, we just have to type it as include comments have to type it as include comments have to type it as include comments to explain to explain to explain each step of the function. So in this code you can see the function So in this code you can see the function So in this code you can see the function name which we have given in the prompt name which we have given in the prompt name which we have given in the prompt that is calculate rectangle area with that is calculate rectangle area with that is calculate rectangle area with the parameters length and width. You can the parameters length and width. You can the parameters length and width. You can also see the comments here. If you use also see the comments here. If you use also see the comments here. If you use this code, you can get a area of this code, you can get a area of this code, you can get a area of rectangle value. rectangle value. rectangle value. Next, we will try for MySQL code Next, we will try for MySQL code Next, we will try for MySQL code generation. To get a names of employees, generation. To get a names of employees, generation. To get a names of employees, we have to give a prompt like generate a we have to give a prompt like generate a we have to give a prompt like generate a MySQL query MySQL query MySQL query to retract the names of all employees to retract the names of all employees to retract the names of all employees from the employee table. from the employee table. from the employee table. This also generated a MySQL query with a This also generated a MySQL query with a This also generated a MySQL query with a select statement. You can see here the select statement. You can see here the select statement. You can see here the last example is about how to get a last example is about how to get a last example is about how to get a explanation of generated code. To get explanation of generated code. To get explanation of generated code. To get explanation of a code, you have to give explanation of a code, you have to give explanation of a code, you have to give a prompt as provide a line by line a prompt as provide a line by line a prompt as provide a line by line explanation explanation explanation of the Python function of the Python function of the Python function named calculate named calculate named calculate factorial factorial factorial which takes a parameter yen which takes a parameter yen which takes a parameter yen and returns the factorial of y. Here in this code you can see a function Here in this code you can see a function Here in this code you can see a function name so-called calculate factorial which name so-called calculate factorial which name so-called calculate factorial which we mentioned in our prompt. After that we mentioned in our prompt. After that we mentioned in our prompt. After that you can see a line by line explanation you can see a line by line explanation you can see a line by line explanation of a code. This is how you can get the of a code. This is how you can get the of a code. This is how you can get the explanation of a code. explanation of a code. explanation of a code. [music] Now let us understand what Lankchin is Now let us understand what Lankchin is Now let us understand what Lankchin is and why it is a valuable tool for and why it is a valuable tool for and why it is a valuable tool for building AI applications. You must be building AI applications. You must be building AI applications. You must be aware of popular applications such as aware of popular applications such as aware of popular applications such as GPT and Gemini. These applications GPT and Gemini. These applications GPT and Gemini. These applications utilize APIs and GPT uses OpenAI's API utilize APIs and GPT uses OpenAI's API utilize APIs and GPT uses OpenAI's API while Gemini operates through the Gemini while Gemini operates through the Gemini while Gemini operates through the Gemini API. To process prompts they leverage API. To process prompts they leverage API. To process prompts they leverage models like GPD 3.5, GPD 4, PALM and models like GPD 3.5, GPD 4, PALM and models like GPD 3.5, GPD 4, PALM and Gemini 1. Additionally, these are other Gemini 1. Additionally, these are other Gemini 1. Additionally, these are other advanced models such as Llama, Gemini, advanced models such as Llama, Gemini, advanced models such as Llama, Gemini, Cohair, Cloud Version One, Falcon, Palm, Cohair, Cloud Version One, Falcon, Palm, Cohair, Cloud Version One, Falcon, Palm, GPT4, and GPT3.5. GPT4, and GPT3.5. GPT4, and GPT3.5. Langchain is a framework designed to Langchain is a framework designed to Langchain is a framework designed to help developers build flexible and help developers build flexible and help developers build flexible and powerful AIdriven applications by powerful AIdriven applications by powerful AIdriven applications by integrating and utilizing these diverse integrating and utilizing these diverse integrating and utilizing these diverse models effectively. But why exactly do models effectively. But why exactly do models effectively. But why exactly do we need lang? You must be thinking if we need lang? You must be thinking if we need lang? You must be thinking if langchain is this important then why do langchain is this important then why do langchain is this important then why do we need langchain? So let's break down we need langchain? So let's break down we need langchain? So let's break down this question using some real world this question using some real world this question using some real world examples. examples. examples. So imagine simply asking an LLM a prompt So imagine simply asking an LLM a prompt So imagine simply asking an LLM a prompt and getting an answer. That's easy. But and getting an answer. That's easy. But and getting an answer. That's easy. But what happens when the complexity what happens when the complexity what happens when the complexity increases? For example, let's say you're increases? For example, let's say you're increases? For example, let's say you're working with data from SQL databases, working with data from SQL databases, working with data from SQL databases, CSV files, PDFs, or Google Analytics, CSV files, PDFs, or Google Analytics, CSV files, PDFs, or Google Analytics, and you need the model to write code, and you need the model to write code, and you need the model to write code, perform searches, or send emails. perform searches, or send emails. perform searches, or send emails. Handling such intricate workflows Handling such intricate workflows Handling such intricate workflows manually can get overwhelming. This is manually can get overwhelming. This is manually can get overwhelming. This is where Langen steps in. It simplifies the where Langen steps in. It simplifies the where Langen steps in. It simplifies the process by offering components like process by offering components like process by offering components like document loaders, text splitters, vector document loaders, text splitters, vector document loaders, text splitters, vector databases, prompt templates, and tools. databases, prompt templates, and tools. databases, prompt templates, and tools. So this helps you assemble tasks such as So this helps you assemble tasks such as So this helps you assemble tasks such as document summarization, question and document summarization, question and document summarization, question and answer systems or even advanced answer systems or even advanced answer systems or even advanced workflows like Google searches or workflows like Google searches or workflows like Google searches or customer support automation. Let's customer support automation. Let's customer support automation. Let's visualize this process with a diagram. visualize this process with a diagram. visualize this process with a diagram. Here's how it works. So first you load a Here's how it works. So first you load a Here's how it works. So first you load a document like a CSV file using a document like a CSV file using a document like a CSV file using a document loader. Then use a text document loader. Then use a text document loader. Then use a text splitter to divide it into a smaller splitter to divide it into a smaller splitter to divide it into a smaller chunks and then store those chunks into chunks and then store those chunks into chunks and then store those chunks into a vector database and add a prompt a vector database and add a prompt a vector database and add a prompt template to guide the model. And template to guide the model. And template to guide the model. And finally, use a LLM like a GP4 or LMA to finally, use a LLM like a GP4 or LMA to finally, use a LLM like a GP4 or LMA to perform tasks like searching the web or perform tasks like searching the web or perform tasks like searching the web or automating workflows. And lang chain automating workflows. And lang chain automating workflows. And lang chain also offers chains that will help you also offers chains that will help you also offers chains that will help you assemble components to achieve single assemble components to achieve single assemble components to achieve single task such as summarization and an agenda task such as summarization and an agenda task such as summarization and an agenda to figure out what each component must to figure out what each component must to figure out what each component must do like password, customer services, do like password, customer services, do like password, customer services, etc. Now that we understand Langchain's etc. Now that we understand Langchain's etc. Now that we understand Langchain's core components, now let's explore how core components, now let's explore how core components, now let's explore how it streamlines the LLM application life it streamlines the LLM application life it streamlines the LLM application life cycle. cycle. cycle. So it typically involves three key So it typically involves three key So it typically involves three key stages. First is the development where stages. First is the development where stages. First is the development where you build and test your application. you build and test your application. you build and test your application. Then productionization where the system Then productionization where the system Then productionization where the system is fine-tuned for a real world use. And is fine-tuned for a real world use. And is fine-tuned for a real world use. And finally deployment where the final finally deployment where the final finally deployment where the final product is launched for users. So product is launched for users. So product is launched for users. So Lankton simplifies this life cycle Lankton simplifies this life cycle Lankton simplifies this life cycle allowing you to focus on building allowing you to focus on building allowing you to focus on building without worrying about the underlying without worrying about the underlying without worrying about the underlying complexity. Now let's take a step back complexity. Now let's take a step back complexity. Now let's take a step back and understand the role of APIs in and understand the role of APIs in and understand the role of APIs in powering these L&amp;M applications and how powering these L&amp;M applications and how powering these L&amp;M applications and how Lankton effectively integrates them. In Lankton effectively integrates them. In Lankton effectively integrates them. In all these applications and models, one all these applications and models, one all these applications and models, one thing is common that is they use API. So thing is common that is they use API. So thing is common that is they use API. So now let's discuss APIs. APIs act as an now let's discuss APIs. APIs act as an now let's discuss APIs. APIs act as an intermediaries that enable different intermediaries that enable different intermediaries that enable different systems to communicate with each other. systems to communicate with each other. systems to communicate with each other. For example, they allow apps like Swiggy For example, they allow apps like Swiggy For example, they allow apps like Swiggy or Blinket to display your delivery or Blinket to display your delivery or Blinket to display your delivery driver's location in real time. So now driver's location in real time. So now driver's location in real time. So now let's look at the steps to explain APIs let's look at the steps to explain APIs let's look at the steps to explain APIs and API keys. So apps like Zipto, Swiggy and API keys. So apps like Zipto, Swiggy and API keys. So apps like Zipto, Swiggy and Blinket use APIs to show the and Blinket use APIs to show the and Blinket use APIs to show the location of your delivery driver. So location of your delivery driver. So location of your delivery driver. So these apps don't communicate directly these apps don't communicate directly these apps don't communicate directly with Google Maps but follow a layer with Google Maps but follow a layer with Google Maps but follow a layer process involving servers and security process involving servers and security process involving servers and security mechanism. First the app sends a request mechanism. First the app sends a request mechanism. First the app sends a request to Google Maps API. Then the API forward to Google Maps API. Then the API forward to Google Maps API. Then the API forward the request to Google servers. Then the the request to Google servers. Then the the request to Google servers. Then the servers validate the request with the servers validate the request with the servers validate the request with the system. So once approved the response system. So once approved the response system. So once approved the response follows back through the servers APIs follows back through the servers APIs follows back through the servers APIs and finally to the app. So previously and finally to the app. So previously and finally to the app. So previously apps like Swiggy allowed login using apps like Swiggy allowed login using apps like Swiggy allowed login using phone numbers. Now they use API for phone numbers. Now they use API for phone numbers. Now they use API for login via platforms like Google or login via platforms like Google or login via platforms like Google or Facebook. So this demonstrates the Facebook. So this demonstrates the Facebook. So this demonstrates the versatility of a APIs in enabling versatility of a APIs in enabling versatility of a APIs in enabling seamless user interactions. To prevent seamless user interactions. To prevent seamless user interactions. To prevent misuse, APIs require API keys which are misuse, APIs require API keys which are misuse, APIs require API keys which are unique identifiers for secure access. So unique identifiers for secure access. So unique identifiers for secure access. So these keys authenticate request and these keys authenticate request and these keys authenticate request and ensure that only authorized users can ensure that only authorized users can ensure that only authorized users can interact with the APIs. Next, security interact with the APIs. Next, security interact with the APIs. Next, security systems closely monitor API usage to systems closely monitor API usage to systems closely monitor API usage to detect and prevent misuse. This ensures detect and prevent misuse. This ensures detect and prevent misuse. This ensures that APIs remain safe and functional for that APIs remain safe and functional for that APIs remain safe and functional for their intended purpose. And this step their intended purpose. And this step their intended purpose. And this step simplify the explanation of how APIs and simplify the explanation of how APIs and simplify the explanation of how APIs and API keys work in real world API keys work in real world API keys work in real world applications. So this is how langchain applications. So this is how langchain applications. So this is how langchain leverages APIs to connect your LLM leverages APIs to connect your LLM leverages APIs to connect your LLM applications with external tools making applications with external tools making applications with external tools making them versatile and secure. Now that we them versatile and secure. Now that we them versatile and secure. Now that we understand the role of APIs. So let's understand the role of APIs. So let's understand the role of APIs. So let's explore some real of lang. So what can explore some real of lang. So what can explore some real of lang. So what can you build with lang chain? Here are few you build with lang chain? Here are few you build with lang chain? Here are few applications. First application applications. First application applications. First application has customer support for your shopping has customer support for your shopping has customer support for your shopping websites to interact with customers. websites to interact with customers. websites to interact with customers. Next, conversational chat bots for Next, conversational chat bots for Next, conversational chat bots for helping you study, content generation helping you study, content generation helping you study, content generation tools for blogs or social media. We also tools for blogs or social media. We also tools for blogs or social media. We also have question answering systems for have question answering systems for have question answering systems for knowledge bases and then document knowledge bases and then document knowledge bases and then document summarizers for legal or academic summarizers for legal or academic summarizers for legal or academic content. Langin simplifies AI content. Langin simplifies AI content. Langin simplifies AI development by integrating LLM with development by integrating LLM with development by integrating LLM with various data sources and tools. Its various data sources and tools. Its various data sources and tools. Its applications are vast from chat bots to applications are vast from chat bots to applications are vast from chat bots to document summarization. So, let's document summarization. So, let's document summarization. So, let's examine a practical example to see Lchin examine a practical example to see Lchin examine a practical example to see Lchin in action. in action. in action. All right. In today's datadriven world, All right. In today's datadriven world, All right. In today's datadriven world, understanding and effectively using SQL understanding and effectively using SQL understanding and effectively using SQL queries is crucial for managing and queries is crucial for managing and queries is crucial for managing and analyzing large data sets. However, analyzing large data sets. However, analyzing large data sets. However, beginners and even experienced users beginners and even experienced users beginners and even experienced users often need help with complex SQL often need help with complex SQL often need help with complex SQL queries, their syntax, and how they queries, their syntax, and how they queries, their syntax, and how they work. This creates a barrier to work. This creates a barrier to work. This creates a barrier to efficiently interacting with databases efficiently interacting with databases efficiently interacting with databases and limits their potential to solve real and limits their potential to solve real and limits their potential to solve real world problems. To address this world problems. To address this world problems. To address this challenge, we propose a SQL query challenge, we propose a SQL query challenge, we propose a SQL query fetcher application that leverages the fetcher application that leverages the fetcher application that leverages the Gemini AI, Python, and Streamlit to Gemini AI, Python, and Streamlit to Gemini AI, Python, and Streamlit to simplify SQL learning and usage. The simplify SQL learning and usage. The simplify SQL learning and usage. The application allows users to input or application allows users to input or application allows users to input or select a query, generates the SQL select a query, generates the SQL select a query, generates the SQL syntax, and provides a detailed syntax, and provides a detailed syntax, and provides a detailed explanation of its components and explanation of its components and explanation of its components and functionality. This tool bridges the gap functionality. This tool bridges the gap functionality. This tool bridges the gap between technical understanding and real between technical understanding and real between technical understanding and real world database operations, empowering world database operations, empowering world database operations, empowering users with an initiative and interactive users with an initiative and interactive users with an initiative and interactive SQL learning experience. Let's jump SQL learning experience. Let's jump SQL learning experience. Let's jump right into the code. So the first step right into the code. So the first step right into the code. So the first step is setting up your dependencies. Here we is setting up your dependencies. Here we is setting up your dependencies. Here we import streamlit for the user interface import streamlit for the user interface import streamlit for the user interface and then Google generative AI for using and then Google generative AI for using and then Google generative AI for using Gemini. Gemini. Gemini. So first import streamllet as SD So first import streamllet as SD So first import streamllet as SD and next import and next import and next import Google dot generative AI as gen AI. Google dot generative AI as gen AI. Google dot generative AI as gen AI. So to get this API you have to go to the So to get this API you have to go to the So to get this API you have to go to the Google Gemini API key and here click on Google Gemini API key and here click on Google Gemini API key and here click on get a Gemini API key in Google AI studio get a Gemini API key in Google AI studio get a Gemini API key in Google AI studio and then once you scroll there is a and then once you scroll there is a and then once you scroll there is a button on the left called create API. button on the left called create API. button on the left called create API. Now click on it and select your model Now click on it and select your model Now click on it and select your model here and let's copy it. And now let's go back and let's copy it. And now let's go back and let's copy it. And now let's go back to our VS code editor and paste it here. to our VS code editor and paste it here. to our VS code editor and paste it here. So to paste let's type So to paste let's type So to paste let's type Google Google Google API API API key and inside the double quote let's key and inside the double quote let's key and inside the double quote let's paste it. And now let's type genai dot paste it. And now let's type genai dot paste it. And now let's type genai dot configure configure configure and inside the bracket let's keep it as and inside the bracket let's keep it as and inside the bracket let's keep it as api key equal to and give it as google_i api key equal to and give it as google_i api key equal to and give it as google_i key. Now let's type model equal to genai key. Now let's type model equal to genai key. Now let's type model equal to genai dot generative model dot generative model dot generative model and inside the bracket let's keep it as and inside the bracket let's keep it as and inside the bracket let's keep it as gemini pro. So we use the Google Gemini gemini pro. So we use the Google Gemini gemini pro. So we use the Google Gemini API to generate SQL queries dynamically. API to generate SQL queries dynamically. API to generate SQL queries dynamically. So make sure to configure your API keys So make sure to configure your API keys So make sure to configure your API keys securely. Now let's display the streaml securely. Now let's display the streaml securely. Now let's display the streaml layout code. layout code. layout code. Now let's set up the app's user Now let's set up the app's user Now let's set up the app's user interface. So we use streaml to create interface. So we use streaml to create interface. So we use streaml to create an interactive page where users can an interactive page where users can an interactive page where users can input plain English queries and get SQL input plain English queries and get SQL input plain English queries and get SQL code in return. So we write st dot set code in return. So we write st dot set code in return. So we write st dot set page_config and inside the bracket let's give it as and inside the bracket let's give it as and inside the bracket let's give it as page title page title page title and inside the double quotes let's give and inside the double quotes let's give and inside the double quotes let's give a title as edureka sql query generator a title as edureka sql query generator a title as edureka sql query generator and give a comma and let's type it as and give a comma and let's type it as and give a comma and let's type it as page icon equal equal to and inside the page icon equal equal to and inside the page icon equal equal to and inside the double quote let's keep it as robot. double quote let's keep it as robot. double quote let's keep it as robot. Now let's put some images. So I'm using Now let's put some images. So I'm using Now let's put some images. So I'm using edurea image and SQL logo and also to edurea image and SQL logo and also to edurea image and SQL logo and also to make them center we will type it as make them center we will type it as make them center we will type it as column 1 comma column 2 comma column 3 column 1 comma column 2 comma column 3 column 1 comma column 2 comma column 3 equal to st dot columns equal to st dot columns equal to st dot columns and inside the bracket let's keep it as and inside the bracket let's keep it as and inside the bracket let's keep it as 1a 2a 1. Next, let us type with column 2 1a 2a 1. Next, let us type with column 2 1a 2a 1. Next, let us type with column 2 colon colon colon and let's type it as st dot image and and let's type it as st dot image and and let's type it as st dot image and inside the bracket let's give the image inside the bracket let's give the image inside the bracket let's give the image address and then width is equal to 200. address and then width is equal to 200. address and then width is equal to 200. Now let us add another image. So let's Now let us add another image. So let's Now let us add another image. So let's copy the same and give the other image copy the same and give the other image copy the same and give the other image address. address. address. Our layout includes a title, logo, and Our layout includes a title, logo, and Our layout includes a title, logo, and text input box to keep the interface text input box to keep the interface text input box to keep the interface simple and initiative. So here's where simple and initiative. So here's where simple and initiative. So here's where the magic happens. So when a user clicks the magic happens. So when a user clicks the magic happens. So when a user clicks the generate SQL query button, we format the generate SQL query button, we format the generate SQL query button, we format their input into a prompt for the Gemini their input into a prompt for the Gemini their input into a prompt for the Gemini model to generate SQL code. So let's model to generate SQL code. So let's model to generate SQL code. So let's create template by writing template create template by writing template create template by writing template equal to and inside the triple quotes equal to and inside the triple quotes equal to and inside the triple quotes let's type it as create uh SQL query let's type it as create uh SQL query let's type it as create uh SQL query snippet using the below text. snippet using the below text. snippet using the below text. Next let us also give text input and Next let us also give text input and Next let us also give text input and we'll also type I just want a SQL query. we'll also type I just want a SQL query. we'll also type I just want a SQL query. Now let's type the response. So type Now let's type the response. So type Now let's type the response. So type response equal to model dot generate response equal to model dot generate response equal to model dot generate generate generate generate content content content and let's keep it as template dot format and let's keep it as template dot format and let's keep it as template dot format and inside the bracket let's give and inside the bracket let's give and inside the bracket let's give text_input equal to text_input and next let's type the SQL query. So and next let's type the SQL query. So and next let's type the SQL query. So give SQL query give SQL query give SQL query equal to response equal to response equal to response dot text dot text dot text dot. So let's give the strip function dot. So let's give the strip function dot. So let's give the strip function dot lstrip function dot r strip dot lstrip function dot r strip dot lstrip function dot r strip function. So the AI generates the SQL function. So the AI generates the SQL function. So the AI generates the SQL query and we clean up the output for query and we clean up the output for query and we clean up the output for display. So once the SQL query is ready, display. So once the SQL query is ready, display. So once the SQL query is ready, we take it a step further by generating we take it a step further by generating we take it a step further by generating a sample expected output and a clear a sample expected output and a clear a sample expected output and a clear explanation of the query. Now let's type explanation of the query. Now let's type explanation of the query. Now let's type the logic for showing explanation and the logic for showing explanation and the logic for showing explanation and output. So let's type st dot markdown output. So let's type st dot markdown output. So let's type st dot markdown and inside the bracket we will give HTML and inside the bracket we will give HTML and inside the bracket we will give HTML tags. So first div style is equal to we tags. So first div style is equal to we tags. So first div style is equal to we will align the text and center. So text will align the text and center. So text will align the text and center. So text align center and next let's give H1 tag align center and next let's give H1 tag align center and next let's give H1 tag and inside H1 tag we will write SQL and inside H1 tag we will write SQL and inside H1 tag we will write SQL query generator query generator query generator and let's close the H1 tag. Next let's and let's close the H1 tag. Next let's and let's close the H1 tag. Next let's open H3 tag and write I can generate SQL open H3 tag and write I can generate SQL open H3 tag and write I can generate SQL queries for you. And let's close the H3 queries for you. And let's close the H3 queries for you. And let's close the H3 tag. And inside the H4 tag, let's type tag. And inside the H4 tag, let's type tag. And inside the H4 tag, let's type it as with explanation as well. it as with explanation as well. it as with explanation as well. Now close the H4 tag. And let's open the Now close the H4 tag. And let's open the Now close the H4 tag. And let's open the paragraph tag which is the P tag. And paragraph tag which is the P tag. And paragraph tag which is the P tag. And inside the P tag, let's type it as this inside the P tag, let's type it as this inside the P tag, let's type it as this tool allows you to generate SQL queries based on your data. Now let SQL queries based on your data. Now let SQL queries based on your data. Now let us close the P tag. us close the P tag. us close the P tag. Also close the div tag. Also close the div tag. Also close the div tag. Now to make the markdown visible, let us Now to make the markdown visible, let us Now to make the markdown visible, let us type unsafe type unsafe type unsafe allow allow allow html equal to true. Now let's write text html equal to true. Now let's write text html equal to true. Now let's write text input equal to st.ext text underscore input equal to st.ext text underscore input equal to st.ext text underscore area and inside the bracket let's give area and inside the bracket let's give area and inside the bracket let's give it as enter your query here in plain it as enter your query here in plain it as enter your query here in plain English. Now let us give a submit English. Now let us give a submit English. Now let us give a submit button. So for that let us type submit button. So for that let us type submit button. So for that let us type submit button equal to st dot button equal to st dot button equal to st dot button and inside the bracket let us button and inside the bracket let us button and inside the bracket let us give generate SQL query. Now if submit give generate SQL query. Now if submit give generate SQL query. Now if submit button colon write it with st.sp spinner button colon write it with st.sp spinner button colon write it with st.sp spinner and inside the bracket let's keep and inside the bracket let's keep and inside the bracket let's keep generating SQL query generating SQL query generating SQL query and then let's create a template and and then let's create a template and and then let's create a template and inside the trible quotes let's type it inside the trible quotes let's type it inside the trible quotes let's type it as as as create a SQL query snippet using the create a SQL query snippet using the create a SQL query snippet using the below text below text below text now using the about template we will now using the about template we will now using the about template we will write three more templates for SQL query write three more templates for SQL query write three more templates for SQL query which are text input and then SQL query which are text input and then SQL query which are text input and then SQL query which will include expected output and which will include expected output and which will include expected output and also explanation output. also explanation output. also explanation output. Now to merge all the templates together, Now to merge all the templates together, Now to merge all the templates together, we will make a container. So we will we will make a container. So we will we will make a container. So we will write with st.container. write with st.container. write with st.container. So it's a function and let us also write So it's a function and let us also write So it's a function and let us also write it as st dot it as st dot it as st dot success success success and inside the bracket let us give it as and inside the bracket let us give it as and inside the bracket let us give it as SQL query generated successfully. SQL query generated successfully. SQL query generated successfully. Also we will give here is your query Also we will give here is your query Also we will give here is your query below. below. below. Next Next Next st code and inside the bracket let us st code and inside the bracket let us st code and inside the bracket let us give SQL query and comma language equal give SQL query and comma language equal give SQL query and comma language equal to SQL. to SQL. to SQL. Now let us give once again st dots Now let us give once again st dots Now let us give once again st dots success and inside this let us keep it success and inside this let us keep it success and inside this let us keep it as as as expected output expected output expected output of this query will be of this query will be of this query will be and now let us keep it as st dot and now let us keep it as st dot and now let us keep it as st dot markdown and inside the bracket a output markdown and inside the bracket a output markdown and inside the bracket a output once again st dots success and inside once again st dots success and inside once again st dots success and inside this let us keep it as explanation of this let us keep it as explanation of this let us keep it as explanation of this SQL query. this SQL query. this SQL query. Next let us give st.mmarkdown Next let us give st.mmarkdown Next let us give st.mmarkdown and inside this function let us keep it and inside this function let us keep it and inside this function let us keep it as explanation. So over here this shows as explanation. So over here this shows as explanation. So over here this shows a green success message indicating the a green success message indicating the a green success message indicating the SQL query was generated successfully. SQL query was generated successfully. SQL query was generated successfully. And next the show SQL query. This And next the show SQL query. This And next the show SQL query. This displays the SQL query is a formatted displays the SQL query is a formatted displays the SQL query is a formatted code block highlighting it as a SQL. code block highlighting it as a SQL. code block highlighting it as a SQL. Next is the display expected output. So Next is the display expected output. So Next is the display expected output. So this provides a success message for the this provides a success message for the this provides a success message for the query's expected output followed by st query's expected output followed by st query's expected output followed by st markdown e output which displays the markdown e output which displays the markdown e output which displays the expected output in markdown format and expected output in markdown format and expected output in markdown format and followed by st.m domarkdown e output followed by st.m domarkdown e output followed by st.m domarkdown e output which displays the expected output in which displays the expected output in which displays the expected output in the markdown format. So now this line of the markdown format. So now this line of the markdown format. So now this line of code introduce an explanation and st.m code introduce an explanation and st.m code introduce an explanation and st.m domarkdown explanation displays that it domarkdown explanation displays that it domarkdown explanation displays that it is in markdown format for clarity. So is in markdown format for clarity. So is in markdown format for clarity. So this makes the tool valuable for both this makes the tool valuable for both this makes the tool valuable for both learning and debugging SQL. So now let's learning and debugging SQL. So now let's learning and debugging SQL. So now let's see it in action. So open the terminal see it in action. So open the terminal see it in action. So open the terminal and let us type streaml run and give and let us type streaml run and give and let us type streaml run and give your file name. Now as you can see the screen your SQL Now as you can see the screen your SQL Now as you can see the screen your SQL query generator is ready to go. Now query generator is ready to go. Now query generator is ready to go. Now let's test it. So for that here I will let's test it. So for that here I will let's test it. So for that here I will input a prompt asking for a query which input a prompt asking for a query which input a prompt asking for a query which is give me the query for create table. is give me the query for create table. is give me the query for create table. Now let's click on generate SQL query Now let's click on generate SQL query Now let's click on generate SQL query and as you can see it's running. So and as you can see it's running. So and as you can see it's running. So let's wait for it to generate. let's wait for it to generate. let's wait for it to generate. So as you can see on the screen the app So as you can see on the screen the app So as you can see on the screen the app generates a SQL query expected output generates a SQL query expected output generates a SQL query expected output and even a plain English explanation in and even a plain English explanation in and even a plain English explanation in seconds. So how cool is that right? And seconds. So how cool is that right? And seconds. So how cool is that right? And that's it. Our SQL query generator that's it. Our SQL query generator that's it. Our SQL query generator powered by lack chain, Gemini API and powered by lack chain, Gemini API and powered by lack chain, Gemini API and streamlate is complete. So this project streamlate is complete. So this project streamlate is complete. So this project is perfect for simplifying SQL learning is perfect for simplifying SQL learning is perfect for simplifying SQL learning and enhancing productivity. [music] Now let's begin by understanding what Now let's begin by understanding what Now let's begin by understanding what RAG is and how it works. RAG is and how it works. RAG is and how it works. Rack is a hybrid approach in artificial Rack is a hybrid approach in artificial Rack is a hybrid approach in artificial intelligence that combines retrieval intelligence that combines retrieval intelligence that combines retrieval systems with generative models to systems with generative models to systems with generative models to produce highly accurate contextually produce highly accurate contextually produce highly accurate contextually relevant responses. It brings the gap relevant responses. It brings the gap relevant responses. It brings the gap between fractual accuracy and natural between fractual accuracy and natural between fractual accuracy and natural language generation. Now let's language generation. Now let's language generation. Now let's understand it with the help of diagram. understand it with the help of diagram. understand it with the help of diagram. So it's a hybrid approach involving So it's a hybrid approach involving So it's a hybrid approach involving artificial intelligence that combines a artificial intelligence that combines a artificial intelligence that combines a retrieval system with a generated system retrieval system with a generated system retrieval system with a generated system to produce highly accurate responses. to produce highly accurate responses. to produce highly accurate responses. Now that we know what rag is, so let's Now that we know what rag is, so let's Now that we know what rag is, so let's explore why it is crucial for large explore why it is crucial for large explore why it is crucial for large language models and see a real world language models and see a real world language models and see a real world example. So rag addresses several example. So rag addresses several example. So rag addresses several limitations of traditional LLMs. It limitations of traditional LLMs. It limitations of traditional LLMs. It mitigates illusions by grounding mitigates illusions by grounding mitigates illusions by grounding responses in factual retrieved data by responses in factual retrieved data by responses in factual retrieved data by dynamically accessing up-to-date dynamically accessing up-to-date dynamically accessing up-to-date information. RA stays relevant in information. RA stays relevant in information. RA stays relevant in rapidly challenging domains. It improves rapidly challenging domains. It improves rapidly challenging domains. It improves accuracy and relevance by fetching accuracy and relevance by fetching accuracy and relevance by fetching specific relevant documents during specific relevant documents during specific relevant documents during inference by outsourcing factual inference by outsourcing factual inference by outsourcing factual knowledge retrieval. RAG enables smaller knowledge retrieval. RAG enables smaller knowledge retrieval. RAG enables smaller more efficient models and it can adapt more efficient models and it can adapt more efficient models and it can adapt to domain specific knowledge basis for to domain specific knowledge basis for to domain specific knowledge basis for specialized applications. Additionally, specialized applications. Additionally, specialized applications. Additionally, rack provides explanability by showing rack provides explanability by showing rack provides explanability by showing the retrieved documents or data sources the retrieved documents or data sources the retrieved documents or data sources increasing trust and transparency. increasing trust and transparency. increasing trust and transparency. Now let us see some of the use cases. Now let us see some of the use cases. Now let us see some of the use cases. So without rag the sentence would be So without rag the sentence would be So without rag the sentence would be when was the last Mars rover launched. when was the last Mars rover launched. when was the last Mars rover launched. So this is just the incorrect response. So this is just the incorrect response. So this is just the incorrect response. So with rack the sentence would be So with rack the sentence would be So with rack the sentence would be dynamically retrieved from NASA's dynamically retrieved from NASA's dynamically retrieved from NASA's database and it would be the database and it would be the database and it would be the perseverance rover was launched on July perseverance rover was launched on July perseverance rover was launched on July 30, 2020. Now that we have seen why RAG 30, 2020. Now that we have seen why RAG 30, 2020. Now that we have seen why RAG is important. So let's dive into how it is important. So let's dive into how it is important. So let's dive into how it works. Well, RAG operates in three-step works. Well, RAG operates in three-step works. Well, RAG operates in three-step process. A user submits a query which process. A user submits a query which process. A user submits a query which triggers the retrieval stage. Here a triggers the retrieval stage. Here a triggers the retrieval stage. Here a retriever searches a database or retriever searches a database or retriever searches a database or knowledge base using tools like BM25 to knowledge base using tools like BM25 to knowledge base using tools like BM25 to fetch the most relevant information. The fetch the most relevant information. The fetch the most relevant information. The retrieve data is then fed into a retrieve data is then fed into a retrieve data is then fed into a generative model like GPT or T5 which generative model like GPT or T5 which generative model like GPT or T5 which process it and generates a coherent process it and generates a coherent process it and generates a coherent contextually grounded natural language contextually grounded natural language contextually grounded natural language response. Now let's take an example response. Now let's take an example response. Now let's take an example here. The query is who wrote 1984? here. The query is who wrote 1984? here. The query is who wrote 1984? Retrieve would be fetching a document Retrieve would be fetching a document Retrieve would be fetching a document containing George Orwell wrote 1984. Now containing George Orwell wrote 1984. Now containing George Orwell wrote 1984. Now generative response would be the author generative response would be the author generative response would be the author of 1984 is George Orwell. This hybrid of 1984 is George Orwell. This hybrid of 1984 is George Orwell. This hybrid approach makes rack ideal for real world approach makes rack ideal for real world approach makes rack ideal for real world applications like chat bots and applications like chat bots and applications like chat bots and knowledge systems. Now that we knowledge systems. Now that we knowledge systems. Now that we understand how rag works, let's explore understand how rag works, let's explore understand how rag works, let's explore some of its real world applications. some of its real world applications. some of its real world applications. Rack's versatile applications span Rack's versatile applications span Rack's versatile applications span various domains. In knowledge various domains. In knowledge various domains. In knowledge management, it can summarize large management, it can summarize large management, it can summarize large databases or documentation aid in databases or documentation aid in databases or documentation aid in corporate teams, legal and comps from corporate teams, legal and comps from corporate teams, legal and comps from racks queries based on case law and racks queries based on case law and racks queries based on case law and regulations. While in healthcare, it can regulations. While in healthcare, it can regulations. While in healthcare, it can support medical professionals by support medical professionals by support medical professionals by summarizing research papers and summarizing research papers and summarizing research papers and guidelines. Education and e-learning can guidelines. Education and e-learning can guidelines. Education and e-learning can leverage rack for virtual tutotoring leverage rack for virtual tutotoring leverage rack for virtual tutotoring providing detailed explanations based on providing detailed explanations based on providing detailed explanations based on the textbooks and research papers. the textbooks and research papers. the textbooks and research papers. Interactive virtual assistants like Interactive virtual assistants like Interactive virtual assistants like Alexa and Siri can utilize rack to Alexa and Siri can utilize rack to Alexa and Siri can utilize rack to generate accurate and informative generate accurate and informative generate accurate and informative responses to user queries such as news responses to user queries such as news responses to user queries such as news headlines or product recommendations. headlines or product recommendations. headlines or product recommendations. Rack's unique ability to combine Rack's unique ability to combine Rack's unique ability to combine retrieval and generation makes it retrieval and generation makes it retrieval and generation makes it essential for task demanding both essential for task demanding both essential for task demanding both factual accuracy and fluent natural factual accuracy and fluent natural factual accuracy and fluent natural language responses. Now let's compare language responses. Now let's compare language responses. Now let's compare retrieval augmented generation with retrieval augmented generation with retrieval augmented generation with traditional AI model across three traditional AI model across three traditional AI model across three features. First we have fractual features. First we have fractual features. First we have fractual accuracy. Rack provides highly accurate accuracy. Rack provides highly accurate accuracy. Rack provides highly accurate responses by using realtime data whereas responses by using realtime data whereas responses by using realtime data whereas traditional models may give less traditional models may give less traditional models may give less accurate answers and may give errors. accurate answers and may give errors. accurate answers and may give errors. Next is the context adaptability. So Next is the context adaptability. So Next is the context adaptability. So here drag adapts quickly to new queries here drag adapts quickly to new queries here drag adapts quickly to new queries using live data whereas traditional using live data whereas traditional using live data whereas traditional models offer fixed answers based only on models offer fixed answers based only on models offer fixed answers based only on pre-trained knowledge. Next we have pre-trained knowledge. Next we have pre-trained knowledge. Next we have knowledge updates. Rank is easy to knowledge updates. Rank is easy to knowledge updates. Rank is easy to update. Just change its data source. update. Just change its data source. update. Just change its data source. Whereas traditional models need Whereas traditional models need Whereas traditional models need retraining which takes time. Then we retraining which takes time. Then we retraining which takes time. Then we have scalability. Whereas traditional have scalability. Whereas traditional have scalability. Whereas traditional models are limited by day size and models are limited by day size and models are limited by day size and training data. And then we have use training data. And then we have use training data. And then we have use cases. Rag is great for task like legal cases. Rag is great for task like legal cases. Rag is great for task like legal advice or customer support. Whereas advice or customer support. Whereas advice or customer support. Whereas traditional models work well for traditional models work well for traditional models work well for creative rating or casual queries. So creative rating or casual queries. So creative rating or casual queries. So here I want to conclude that rag is here I want to conclude that rag is here I want to conclude that rag is ideal for knowledge based task needing ideal for knowledge based task needing ideal for knowledge based task needing accuracy and flexibility while accuracy and flexibility while accuracy and flexibility while traditional models are better for traditional models are better for traditional models are better for creative users. While rag offers creative users. While rag offers creative users. While rag offers significant advantages, it's essential significant advantages, it's essential significant advantages, it's essential to acknowledge its limitations. So let's to acknowledge its limitations. So let's to acknowledge its limitations. So let's discuss the challenges and future of discuss the challenges and future of discuss the challenges and future of rack. So the first challenge is the rack. So the first challenge is the rack. So the first challenge is the latency. Rack systems can suffer from latency. Rack systems can suffer from latency. Rack systems can suffer from latency issues especially when dealing latency issues especially when dealing latency issues especially when dealing with large data sets or complex queries. with large data sets or complex queries. with large data sets or complex queries. Next is the data quality dependency. The Next is the data quality dependency. The Next is the data quality dependency. The quality of the generated responses quality of the generated responses quality of the generated responses heavily depends on the quality of the heavily depends on the quality of the heavily depends on the quality of the underlying data. The next challenge is underlying data. The next challenge is underlying data. The next challenge is complex integration. Integrating RA complex integration. Integrating RA complex integration. Integrating RA systems with existing applications and systems with existing applications and systems with existing applications and infrastructure can be challenging due to infrastructure can be challenging due to infrastructure can be challenging due to the need for data synchronization, query the need for data synchronization, query the need for data synchronization, query optimization and model management. And optimization and model management. And optimization and model management. And finally, scalability issues. As RAT finally, scalability issues. As RAT finally, scalability issues. As RAT systems becomes more complex and are systems becomes more complex and are systems becomes more complex and are deployed at scale, they can face deployed at scale, they can face deployed at scale, they can face scalability issues. This includes scalability issues. This includes scalability issues. This includes handling increased query loads, handling increased query loads, handling increased query loads, maintaining data freshness, and ensuring maintaining data freshness, and ensuring maintaining data freshness, and ensuring model performance. Now, while rack faces model performance. Now, while rack faces model performance. Now, while rack faces limitations, its potential is limitations, its potential is limitations, its potential is undeniable. So now let's discuss Rag's undeniable. So now let's discuss Rag's undeniable. So now let's discuss Rag's future. The future of RAG holds immense future. The future of RAG holds immense future. The future of RAG holds immense potential. It will power dynamic potential. It will power dynamic potential. It will power dynamic real-time applications like new real-time applications like new real-time applications like new summarization, financial analytics, and summarization, financial analytics, and summarization, financial analytics, and live sports commentary. Rag will be live sports commentary. Rag will be live sports commentary. Rag will be customized for specific domains like customized for specific domains like customized for specific domains like healthcare, law, and science through healthcare, law, and science through healthcare, law, and science through integrations with specialized knowledge integrations with specialized knowledge integrations with specialized knowledge bases. Advances in retrieval models and bases. Advances in retrieval models and bases. Advances in retrieval models and compression techniques will reduce compression techniques will reduce compression techniques will reduce latency to enhance efficiency. Rag will latency to enhance efficiency. Rag will latency to enhance efficiency. Rag will expand to handle multimodel data expand to handle multimodel data expand to handle multimodel data enabling use cases like multimedia enabling use cases like multimedia enabling use cases like multimedia question answering. Additionally, RAG question answering. Additionally, RAG question answering. Additionally, RAG will facilitate personalized AI will facilitate personalized AI will facilitate personalized AI assistant and improve transparency and assistant and improve transparency and assistant and improve transparency and explanability by attributing sources and explanability by attributing sources and explanability by attributing sources and providing clear explanations. providing clear explanations. providing clear explanations. Now let us move on to generative AI Now let us move on to generative AI Now let us move on to generative AI project using rack. So imagine you're project using rack. So imagine you're project using rack. So imagine you're working with a massive library of working with a massive library of working with a massive library of documents. You need a way to quickly documents. You need a way to quickly documents. You need a way to quickly search and answer question based on the search and answer question based on the search and answer question based on the content. So manually flipping through content. So manually flipping through content. So manually flipping through pages takes time and effort. Wouldn't it pages takes time and effort. Wouldn't it pages takes time and effort. Wouldn't it be great to have a system that retrieves be great to have a system that retrieves be great to have a system that retrieves relevant information and answers your relevant information and answers your relevant information and answers your questions directly within those questions directly within those questions directly within those documents? So that's where our Streamlit documents? So that's where our Streamlit documents? So that's where our Streamlit app comes in. This app utilizes the app comes in. This app utilizes the app comes in. This app utilizes the power of natural language processing and power of natural language processing and power of natural language processing and advanced retrieval techniques to turn advanced retrieval techniques to turn advanced retrieval techniques to turn your complex document collections into a your complex document collections into a your complex document collections into a powerful question and answer system. So powerful question and answer system. So powerful question and answer system. So let's take a look at the code behind let's take a look at the code behind let's take a look at the code behind this app. This app will allow users to this app. This app will allow users to this app. This app will allow users to ask questions about a collection of PDFs ask questions about a collection of PDFs ask questions about a collection of PDFs and get answers directly from the and get answers directly from the and get answers directly from the documents using the power of natural documents using the power of natural documents using the power of natural language processing. Now, first let's language processing. Now, first let's language processing. Now, first let's create a virtual environment. Now, in create a virtual environment. Now, in create a virtual environment. Now, in the terminal, let's type the command for the terminal, let's type the command for the terminal, let's type the command for setting up the environment in your setting up the environment in your setting up the environment in your editor. For that, let's type create editor. For that, let's type create editor. For that, let's type create p. Let's type v E Nv Python and its p. Let's type v E Nv Python and its p. Let's type v E Nv Python and its version give equal equal to 3.10 version give equal equal to 3.10 version give equal equal to 3.10 - Y. Okay, let's enter. - Y. Okay, let's enter. - Y. Okay, let's enter. In this command, the hyphen PB env In this command, the hyphen PB env In this command, the hyphen PB env specifies the path and the environment specifies the path and the environment specifies the path and the environment name while hyphen Y skips the prompts name while hyphen Y skips the prompts name while hyphen Y skips the prompts for a smoother install. Now, while for a smoother install. Now, while for a smoother install. Now, while that's setting up, let's create a few that's setting up, let's create a few that's setting up, let's create a few essential files. essential files. essential files. So let's activate your new environment So let's activate your new environment So let's activate your new environment with the command cond activate with the command cond activate with the command cond activate v e n d and forward slash. v e n d and forward slash. v e n d and forward slash. So as you can see our environment is So as you can see our environment is So as you can see our environment is ready. Now let's import libraries. ready. Now let's import libraries. ready. Now let's import libraries. So let's start by importing the So let's start by importing the So let's start by importing the libraries we will need. In the first libraries we will need. In the first libraries we will need. In the first line we will import stream as st. line we will import stream as st. line we will import stream as st. This gives us access to all the This gives us access to all the This gives us access to all the functionalities of the streamly for functionalities of the streamly for functionalities of the streamly for building our web app interface. So next building our web app interface. So next building our web app interface. So next we will import OS for various operating we will import OS for various operating we will import OS for various operating systems functionalities. systems functionalities. systems functionalities. After that now we will import libraries After that now we will import libraries After that now we will import libraries from langjit which is a framework for from langjit which is a framework for from langjit which is a framework for building NLP pipelines. So we will use building NLP pipelines. So we will use building NLP pipelines. So we will use these for task like text splitting for these for task like text splitting for these for task like text splitting for document chain creation, prompting, document chain creation, prompting, document chain creation, prompting, retrieval and more. So we will explain retrieval and more. So we will explain retrieval and more. So we will explain each library in detail as we use them. each library in detail as we use them. each library in detail as we use them. So let's type from langchen_group So let's type from langchen_group So let's type from langchen_group import chat group that is gr import chat group that is gr import chat group that is gr and next we will type from and next we will type from and next we will type from langin.extplitter import import import recursive character text splitter. So recursive character text splitter. So recursive character text splitter. So let's type recursive character text let's type recursive character text let's type recursive character text splitter. Again let us type from splitter. Again let us type from splitter. Again let us type from langchain.tchains langchain.tchains langchain.tchains dot combine documents dot combine documents dot combine documents import import import create staff documents chain again from create staff documents chain again from create staff documents chain again from lang chain code.prompts prompts. Let's lang chain code.prompts prompts. Let's lang chain code.prompts prompts. Let's import import import create retrieval chain. Next, import f create retrieval chain. Next, import f create retrieval chain. Next, import f import import fis from blankchain community dot vector from blankchain community dot vector from blankchain community dot vector stores. So this will help us to create a stores. So this will help us to create a stores. So this will help us to create a vector index for efficient document vector index for efficient document vector index for efficient document retrieval. So let us type from lchain retrieval. So let us type from lchain retrieval. So let us type from lchain community.vector Vector stores import F community.vector Vector stores import F community.vector Vector stores import F ASS. ASS. ASS. Similar imports will follow for other Similar imports will follow for other Similar imports will follow for other functionalities like document loading functionalities like document loading functionalities like document loading and generating embedding. But we will and generating embedding. But we will and generating embedding. But we will introduce them as they appear in the introduce them as they appear in the introduce them as they appear in the code. But before this go to the group code. But before this go to the group code. But before this go to the group cloud website and on your left you have cloud website and on your left you have cloud website and on your left you have API key option. So select and create API key option. So select and create API key option. So select and create your API key your API key your API key and copy this. And if you want to check and copy this. And if you want to check and copy this. And if you want to check your model then go to the playground and your model then go to the playground and your model then go to the playground and at the top right corner click on the at the top right corner click on the at the top right corner click on the llama model and check there are so many llama model and check there are so many llama model and check there are so many of them latest also. So choose your of them latest also. So choose your of them latest also. So choose your model and generate your free API. Now go model and generate your free API. Now go model and generate your free API. Now go to the terminal and paste it inv file to the terminal and paste it inv file to the terminal and paste it inv file using variable group API key. using variable group API key. using variable group API key. Now again go to the Gemini AI studio. On Now again go to the Gemini AI studio. On Now again go to the Gemini AI studio. On your right you have the create API your right you have the create API your right you have the create API option. So select your model and create option. So select your model and create option. So select your model and create your API key. Now now copy the key and paste it into your now copy the key and paste it into your now copy the key and paste it into your environment variable that is the env environment variable that is the env environment variable that is the env file using a variable Google file using a variable Google file using a variable Google API key and paste it here. API key and paste it here. API key and paste it here. Now we will load environment variables Now we will load environment variables Now we will load environment variables from a env file that will securely store from a env file that will securely store from a env file that will securely store our API keys. So for that use env to our API keys. So for that use env to our API keys. So for that use env to achieve this. Let's type from env import achieve this. Let's type from env import achieve this. Let's type from env import load load load env. Also let's type load env function. env. Also let's type load env function. env. Also let's type load env function. Next we use OS to retrieve the gro API Next we use OS to retrieve the gro API Next we use OS to retrieve the gro API key and Google API key from the key and Google API key from the key and Google API key from the environment variables.get env. So let us environment variables.get env. So let us environment variables.get env. So let us type gro API key equal to os dot get env. API key equal to os dot get env. API key equal to os dot get env. And inside the function let's type it as And inside the function let's type it as And inside the function let's type it as G OQ API key. And inside the single code G OQ API key. And inside the single code G OQ API key. And inside the single code let us type G R OQ API key. let us type G R OQ API key. let us type G R OQ API key. And in the next line let us type OS dot And in the next line let us type OS dot And in the next line let us type OS dot envir envir envir and and inside the bracket under double and and inside the bracket under double and and inside the bracket under double quotes let us type Google quotes let us type Google quotes let us type Google API key and equal to OS dot API key and equal to OS dot API key and equal to OS dot get env let us type Google API key. So here let us type Google API key. So here let us type Google API key. So here these keys are the required to use these keys are the required to use these keys are the required to use specific NLP services. Now let us write specific NLP services. Now let us write specific NLP services. Now let us write code for displaying app title and code for displaying app title and code for displaying app title and images. So for that load your image. images. So for that load your image. images. So for that load your image. Since I'm using edureka image name Since I'm using edureka image name Since I'm using edureka image name edureka.png along with the app title edureka.png along with the app title edureka.png along with the app title edureka document question and answer we edureka document question and answer we edureka document question and answer we will use st. image and stitle for this will use st. image and stitle for this will use st. image and stitle for this purpose. So for that let us type st dot purpose. So for that let us type st dot purpose. So for that let us type st dot image. So inside the double quotes let image. So inside the double quotes let image. So inside the double quotes let us keep the image name and comma width us keep the image name and comma width us keep the image name and comma width is equal to 200 and let us also keep the is equal to 200 and let us also keep the is equal to 200 and let us also keep the title. So for that stitle title. So for that stitle title. So for that stitle and let us type edure document question and let us type edure document question and let us type edure document question and answers. Now the next step is to and answers. Now the next step is to and answers. Now the next step is to initialize chat group and prompt initialize chat group and prompt initialize chat group and prompt template. Now it's time to interact with template. Now it's time to interact with template. Now it's time to interact with the langchain group API. So initialize the langchain group API. So initialize the langchain group API. So initialize the chat group object using group API the chat group object using group API the chat group object using group API key and specify the llama 38b8192 key and specify the llama 38b8192 key and specify the llama 38b8192 which is the language model we will be which is the language model we will be which is the language model we will be using for our NLP task. So for that let using for our NLP task. So for that let using for our NLP task. So for that let us type lm equal to chat group and us type lm equal to chat group and us type lm equal to chat group and inside the bracket give the group API inside the bracket give the group API inside the bracket give the group API key equal to group key equal to group key equal to group API API API key. We will give the model name as key. We will give the model name as key. We will give the model name as well. So for that type model name equal well. So for that type model name equal well. So for that type model name equal to and inside the double quotes give the to and inside the double quotes give the to and inside the double quotes give the model name. So here we are using llama 3 model name. So here we are using llama 3 model name. So here we are using llama 3 - 8b - 8190. - 8b - 8190. - 8b - 8190. All right. Now let us define a prompt All right. Now let us define a prompt All right. Now let us define a prompt template using chat prompt template. So template using chat prompt template. So template using chat prompt template. So this template ensures that AI responses this template ensures that AI responses this template ensures that AI responses are based on the context provided and are based on the context provided and are based on the context provided and user questions. So keeping answers user questions. So keeping answers user questions. So keeping answers accurate and concise. So for that we accurate and concise. So for that we accurate and concise. So for that we will type prompt equal to chat prompt will type prompt equal to chat prompt will type prompt equal to chat prompt template dot from template and inside template dot from template and inside template dot from template and inside the bracket let us paste the prompt. So the bracket let us paste the prompt. So the bracket let us paste the prompt. So here we have the prompt which says here we have the prompt which says here we have the prompt which says please answer the question strictly please answer the question strictly please answer the question strictly based on the provided context. Also based on the provided context. Also based on the provided context. Also ensure the response is accurate, concise ensure the response is accurate, concise ensure the response is accurate, concise and directly addresses the question. Now and directly addresses the question. Now and directly addresses the question. Now let's create function for embedding let's create function for embedding let's create function for embedding vectors. For that let's define vector vectors. For that let's define vector vectors. For that let's define vector embedding function. So type def vector embedding function. So type def vector embedding function. So type def vector embedding function and give colon. embedding function and give colon. embedding function and give colon. Next in the next line give if and under Next in the next line give if and under Next in the next line give if and under the double quotes give vectors not in the double quotes give vectors not in the double quotes give vectors not in stession stession stession state state state colon then type st dot session state dot colon then type st dot session state dot colon then type st dot session state dot embeddings equal to Google generative AI embeddings equal to Google generative AI embeddings equal to Google generative AI embeddings embeddings embeddings give equal to Google generative AI give equal to Google generative AI give equal to Google generative AI embeddings embeddings embeddings AI caps and inside In the bracket give AI caps and inside In the bracket give AI caps and inside In the bracket give the model equal to and inside the double the model equal to and inside the double the model equal to and inside the double quotes let us type models forward slash quotes let us type models forward slash quotes let us type models forward slash embedding -001. embedding -001. embedding -001. Now make a folder where you will load Now make a folder where you will load Now make a folder where you will load your PDF. So I am creating ed PDF and your PDF. So I am creating ed PDF and your PDF. So I am creating ed PDF and paste your PDF here. Now set the paste your PDF here. Now set the paste your PDF here. Now set the session. So that is let us type stession session. So that is let us type stession session. So that is let us type stession state.loader loader equal to py pdf state.loader loader equal to py pdf state.loader loader equal to py pdf directory loader. Here inside the double directory loader. Here inside the double directory loader. Here inside the double quotes let us paste the path of the pdf. quotes let us paste the path of the pdf. quotes let us paste the path of the pdf. Next is the data ingestion. For that let Next is the data ingestion. For that let Next is the data ingestion. For that let us type sd dot session_state us type sd dot session_state us type sd dot session_state dod docs equal to std dot session equal to std dot session equal to std dot session state state state dot loader dot load function. dot loader dot load function. dot loader dot load function. So this particular line of code is for So this particular line of code is for So this particular line of code is for data injection and here this particular data injection and here this particular data injection and here this particular line is for document loading. Next let line is for document loading. Next let line is for document loading. Next let us type st dot session us type st dot session us type st dot session state dot text spplitter state dot text spplitter state dot text spplitter and give equal to recursive and give equal to recursive and give equal to recursive character text splitter and inside the character text splitter and inside the character text splitter and inside the bracket let us give chunk size and bracket let us give chunk size and bracket let us give chunk size and mention the size here I'll give equal mention the size here I'll give equal mention the size here I'll give equal to,000 and comma chunk_lap to,000 and comma chunk_lap to,000 and comma chunk_lap is equal to 200. is equal to 200. is equal to 200. Now here these are for the chunk Now here these are for the chunk Now here these are for the chunk creation. creation. creation. Now let us type stession Now let us type stession Now let us type stession state dotfal documents state dotfal documents state dotfal documents equal to st dot session_state equal to st dot session_state equal to st dot session_state dot textsplitter dot textsplitter dot textsplitter dotsplit dotsplit dotsplit documents. Now inside a bracket let us documents. Now inside a bracket let us documents. Now inside a bracket let us give stession give stession give stession state dot docs. Let us give bracket state dot docs. Let us give bracket state dot docs. Let us give bracket colon 20. So this line of code is for colon 20. So this line of code is for colon 20. So this line of code is for splitting. Now let us type st dot splitting. Now let us type st dot splitting. Now let us type st dot session session session state dot vectors state dot vectors state dot vectors equal to fis equal to fis equal to fis dot from documents dot from documents dot from documents and inside the bracket let us again type and inside the bracket let us again type and inside the bracket let us again type st. session state dotfal documents comma st. session state dotfal documents comma st. session state dotfal documents comma type st. dot session type st. dot session type st. dot session state dot embeddings. state dot embeddings. state dot embeddings. Okay. So this line of code is for vector Okay. So this line of code is for vector Okay. So this line of code is for vector openi embeddings. Now to input field for openi embeddings. Now to input field for openi embeddings. Now to input field for question let us type prompt one. So give question let us type prompt one. So give question let us type prompt one. So give prompt one equal to st.ext_imp prompt one equal to st.ext_imp prompt one equal to st.ext_imp import and let us type here enter your import and let us type here enter your import and let us type here enter your questions from any document. questions from any document. questions from any document. Now to create a button to load Now to create a button to load Now to create a button to load embeddings let us type if st.button embeddings let us type if st.button embeddings let us type if st.button button and inside the function let us button and inside the function let us button and inside the function let us give under the double quotes load edure give under the double quotes load edure give under the double quotes load edure DB give colon and in the next line let DB give colon and in the next line let DB give colon and in the next line let us type vector embedding function next us type vector embedding function next us type vector embedding function next type dot success type dot success type dot success and the message would be edure db is and the message would be edure db is and the message would be edure db is ready for queries ready for queries ready for queries if the question is asked then if prompt if the question is asked then if prompt if the question is asked then if prompt one is true then type document_chain one is true then type document_chain one is true then type document_chain equal to create underscore star equal to create underscore star equal to create underscore star document chain and inside the bracket document chain and inside the bracket document chain and inside the bracket let us give lm comma prompt and in the let us give lm comma prompt and in the let us give lm comma prompt and in the next line to retrieve let us type next line to retrieve let us type next line to retrieve let us type retriever equal to retriever equal to retriever equal to st dot session st dot session st dot session state dot vectors state dot vectors state dot vectors retriever function and in the next line retriever function and in the next line retriever function and in the next line let us type retrieal_chine let us type retrieal_chine let us type retrieal_chine equal to createore or retrieval_chain equal to createore or retrieval_chain equal to createore or retrieval_chain and inside the bracket let us give and inside the bracket let us give and inside the bracket let us give retriever, document chain. Now to retriever, document chain. Now to retriever, document chain. Now to measure response time let us type start measure response time let us type start measure response time let us type start equal to equal to equal to time dot time dot time dot process process process time function. So for response type time function. So for response type time function. So for response type response equal to retrieval_chain dot invoke and inside the bracket give dot invoke and inside the bracket give dot invoke and inside the bracket give input prompt one input prompt one input prompt one and in the next line let us type and in the next line let us type and in the next line let us type response time equal to time dotprocess response time equal to time dotprocess response time equal to time dotprocess time function time function time function start. Next let us write code to display start. Next let us write code to display start. Next let us write code to display the response. So for that let us type st the response. So for that let us type st the response. So for that let us type st dot markdown and inside the bracket let dot markdown and inside the bracket let dot markdown and inside the bracket let us keep it as AI response. us keep it as AI response. us keep it as AI response. Now in the next line let us type st dots Now in the next line let us type st dots Now in the next line let us type st dots success success success and inside the bracket give response and inside the bracket give response and inside the bracket give response and give answer inside the single quotes and give answer inside the single quotes and give answer inside the single quotes and in the next line write st dot write. and in the next line write st dot write. and in the next line write st dot write. Let us type f inside the bracket and and Let us type f inside the bracket and and Let us type f inside the bracket and and inside the flower bracket let us type as inside the flower bracket let us type as inside the flower bracket let us type as response time colon 2f and seconds. Now response time colon 2f and seconds. Now response time colon 2f and seconds. Now moving on let us write the code to moving on let us write the code to moving on let us write the code to display similar documents in an display similar documents in an display similar documents in an expander. So for that let us type with expander. So for that let us type with expander. So for that let us type with st.expander st.expander st.expander inside the bracket under double quotes inside the bracket under double quotes inside the bracket under double quotes type document similarity search results type document similarity search results type document similarity search results and give colon. And in the next line let and give colon. And in the next line let and give colon. And in the next line let us type st dot markdown and inside the us type st dot markdown and inside the us type st dot markdown and inside the bracket let us type it as below are the bracket let us type it as below are the bracket let us type it as below are the most relevant document chunks. So type most relevant document chunks. So type most relevant document chunks. So type below are the most relevant document below are the most relevant document below are the most relevant document chunks. Give colon inside the bracket. chunks. Give colon inside the bracket. chunks. Give colon inside the bracket. Close the double quotes and come to next Close the double quotes and come to next Close the double quotes and come to next line. Here let us type for i, comm, dot line. Here let us type for i, comm, dot line. Here let us type for i, comm, dot in en in enumerate and inside the in en in enumerate and inside the in en in enumerate and inside the function give response dot get context. Now in the next line let us type st dom Now in the next line let us type st dom Now in the next line let us type st dom markdown markdown markdown and inside the bracket keep f and let us and inside the bracket keep f and let us and inside the bracket keep f and let us give the html tag which is div class is give the html tag which is div class is give the html tag which is div class is equal to card and open the p tag and equal to card and open the p tag and equal to card and open the p tag and inside the p tag let us keep doc dot inside the p tag let us keep doc dot inside the p tag let us keep doc dot page content and now close the p tag. page content and now close the p tag. page content and now close the p tag. Now let us close the div tag as well. Now let us close the div tag as well. Now let us close the div tag as well. Now let us come outside the triple code Now let us come outside the triple code Now let us come outside the triple code and give comma and type unsaved_all and give comma and type unsaved_all and give comma and type unsaved_all allow allow allow html equal to true. html equal to true. html equal to true. So you can also add inline styles and So you can also add inline styles and So you can also add inline styles and HTML tags and also icons and emojis to HTML tags and also icons and emojis to HTML tags and also icons and emojis to make your application fabulous for the make your application fabulous for the make your application fabulous for the user. Now it's time for testing. For user. Now it's time for testing. For user. Now it's time for testing. For that open your terminal and write that open your terminal and write that open your terminal and write streamlit run and give your file name. streamlit run and give your file name. streamlit run and give your file name. So once you enter and there we go here's So once you enter and there we go here's So once you enter and there we go here's our document question and answer loader. our document question and answer loader. our document question and answer loader. Now select the question from the PDF you Now select the question from the PDF you Now select the question from the PDF you have loaded in the file and ask your have loaded in the file and ask your have loaded in the file and ask your loader. loader. loader. So as you can see this is my PDF. So I'm So as you can see this is my PDF. So I'm So as you can see this is my PDF. So I'm going to copy some question from here. going to copy some question from here. going to copy some question from here. So let me just copy this. Okay once So let me just copy this. Okay once So let me just copy this. Okay once copied. So I'm going to paste it here. copied. So I'm going to paste it here. copied. So I'm going to paste it here. So I'm going to click on the load edure So I'm going to click on the load edure So I'm going to click on the load edure DB. So guys as you can see it provides DB. So guys as you can see it provides DB. So guys as you can see it provides an answer in context given in the PDF. an answer in context given in the PDF. an answer in context given in the PDF. So this is our answer that it has So this is our answer that it has So this is our answer that it has generated. So that's all we have used generated. So that's all we have used generated. So that's all we have used simple Python code and languin simple Python code and languin simple Python code and languin techniques of rack and some inline HTML techniques of rack and some inline HTML techniques of rack and some inline HTML and styles. [music] Now deep learning is a hot buzz word Now deep learning is a hot buzz word Now deep learning is a hot buzz word nowadays and has firmly put down its nowadays and has firmly put down its nowadays and has firmly put down its root in a vast multitude of industries root in a vast multitude of industries root in a vast multitude of industries that are investing in fields like that are investing in fields like that are investing in fields like artificial intelligence, big data and artificial intelligence, big data and artificial intelligence, big data and analytics. Now for example, Google is analytics. Now for example, Google is analytics. Now for example, Google is using deep learning in its voice and using deep learning in its voice and using deep learning in its voice and image recognition algorithms whereas image recognition algorithms whereas image recognition algorithms whereas Netflix and Amazon are using it to Netflix and Amazon are using it to Netflix and Amazon are using it to understand the behavior of their understand the behavior of their understand the behavior of their customers. Even Tesla is using deep customers. Even Tesla is using deep customers. Even Tesla is using deep learning in their self-driving cars. Now learning in their self-driving cars. Now learning in their self-driving cars. Now imagine how much potential deep learning imagine how much potential deep learning imagine how much potential deep learning has in revolutionizing the world and the has in revolutionizing the world and the has in revolutionizing the world and the way we work around things. Now this way we work around things. Now this way we work around things. Now this growth of deep learning and its growth of deep learning and its growth of deep learning and its application has led to the growth of application has led to the growth of application has led to the growth of deep learning jobs even for example we deep learning jobs even for example we deep learning jobs even for example we have the data scientists, we have have the data scientists, we have have the data scientists, we have machine learning engineer, we have machine learning engineer, we have machine learning engineer, we have artificial intelligence engineer and artificial intelligence engineer and artificial intelligence engineer and much more roles. So let's begin our deep much more roles. So let's begin our deep much more roles. So let's begin our deep learning interview question and answer learning interview question and answer learning interview question and answer session and understand what are the session and understand what are the session and understand what are the typical questions which are being asked typical questions which are being asked typical questions which are being asked in deep learning interview. So the first in deep learning interview. So the first in deep learning interview. So the first and foremost question what any deep and foremost question what any deep and foremost question what any deep learning interviewer asks is the basic learning interviewer asks is the basic learning interviewer asks is the basic understanding or the relationship understanding or the relationship understanding or the relationship between machine learning, artificial between machine learning, artificial between machine learning, artificial intelligence and deep learning. So intelligence and deep learning. So intelligence and deep learning. So basically artificial intelligence is a basically artificial intelligence is a basically artificial intelligence is a technique which enables machine to mimic technique which enables machine to mimic technique which enables machine to mimic human behavior and machine learning is a human behavior and machine learning is a human behavior and machine learning is a subset of artificial intelligence subset of artificial intelligence subset of artificial intelligence technique which uses statistical methods technique which uses statistical methods technique which uses statistical methods to enable machines to improve with to enable machines to improve with to enable machines to improve with experience. Now deep learning on the experience. Now deep learning on the experience. Now deep learning on the other hand is a subset of machine other hand is a subset of machine other hand is a subset of machine learning which makes the computational learning which makes the computational learning which makes the computational of multi-layer neural network feasible. of multi-layer neural network feasible. of multi-layer neural network feasible. It uses neural networks to simulate It uses neural networks to simulate It uses neural networks to simulate humanlike decision making. Now coming to humanlike decision making. Now coming to humanlike decision making. Now coming to the second question do you think deep the second question do you think deep the second question do you think deep learning is better than machine learning learning is better than machine learning learning is better than machine learning and if so why? Now though machine and if so why? Now though machine and if so why? Now though machine learning algorithms the traditional learning algorithms the traditional learning algorithms the traditional machine learning algorithms solve a lot machine learning algorithms solve a lot machine learning algorithms solve a lot of our cases but they are not very of our cases but they are not very of our cases but they are not very useful while working with useful while working with useful while working with highdimensional data. Now that is where highdimensional data. Now that is where highdimensional data. Now that is where we have a large number of inputs and we have a large number of inputs and we have a large number of inputs and outputs. For example, in case of outputs. For example, in case of outputs. For example, in case of handwriting recognition, we have large handwriting recognition, we have large handwriting recognition, we have large amount of inputs where we have different amount of inputs where we have different amount of inputs where we have different types of inputs associated with types of inputs associated with types of inputs associated with different types of handwriting. Now, different types of handwriting. Now, different types of handwriting. Now, another major challenge is to tell the another major challenge is to tell the another major challenge is to tell the computer what all features it should computer what all features it should computer what all features it should look for that will play an important look for that will play an important look for that will play an important role in predicting the outcome as well role in predicting the outcome as well role in predicting the outcome as well as to achieve better accuracy while as to achieve better accuracy while as to achieve better accuracy while doing so. So these are some of the few doing so. So these are some of the few doing so. So these are some of the few shortcomings what machine learning have shortcomings what machine learning have shortcomings what machine learning have and deep learning overcomes all of these and deep learning overcomes all of these and deep learning overcomes all of these shortcomings. Now coming to our third shortcomings. Now coming to our third shortcomings. Now coming to our third question which is what is a perceptron question which is what is a perceptron question which is what is a perceptron and how does it work? Now actually our and how does it work? Now actually our and how does it work? Now actually our brain has subconsciously trained itself brain has subconsciously trained itself brain has subconsciously trained itself to do a lot of things over the years. to do a lot of things over the years. to do a lot of things over the years. Now the question comes how does deep Now the question comes how does deep Now the question comes how does deep learning mimics the functionality of the learning mimics the functionality of the learning mimics the functionality of the brain? Well deep learning uses the brain? Well deep learning uses the brain? Well deep learning uses the concept of artificial neuron that concept of artificial neuron that concept of artificial neuron that functions in a similar manner as the functions in a similar manner as the functions in a similar manner as the biological neuron present in our brain. biological neuron present in our brain. biological neuron present in our brain. Therefore, we can say that deep learning Therefore, we can say that deep learning Therefore, we can say that deep learning is a sub field of machine learning is a sub field of machine learning is a sub field of machine learning concerned with algorithms inspired by concerned with algorithms inspired by concerned with algorithms inspired by the structure and the function of the the structure and the function of the the structure and the function of the brain called artificial neural networks. brain called artificial neural networks. brain called artificial neural networks. Now, if you focus on the structure of a Now, if you focus on the structure of a Now, if you focus on the structure of a biological neuron, it has dendrites biological neuron, it has dendrites biological neuron, it has dendrites which is used to receive inputs. Now, which is used to receive inputs. Now, which is used to receive inputs. Now, these inputs are summed in the cell body these inputs are summed in the cell body these inputs are summed in the cell body and using the axon it is passed on to and using the axon it is passed on to and using the axon it is passed on to the next biological neuron. Now the next biological neuron. Now the next biological neuron. Now similarly a perceptron receives multiple similarly a perceptron receives multiple similarly a perceptron receives multiple inputs, applies various transformations inputs, applies various transformations inputs, applies various transformations and functions and provides an output. and functions and provides an output. and functions and provides an output. Now a perceptron is a linear model used Now a perceptron is a linear model used Now a perceptron is a linear model used for binary classification. It models a for binary classification. It models a for binary classification. It models a neuron which has a set of inputs each of neuron which has a set of inputs each of neuron which has a set of inputs each of which gives a specific weight. Now the which gives a specific weight. Now the which gives a specific weight. Now the neuron computes some function on these neuron computes some function on these neuron computes some function on these weighted inputs and then finally it weighted inputs and then finally it weighted inputs and then finally it provides the output. As we know that our provides the output. As we know that our provides the output. As we know that our brain consists of multiple connected brain consists of multiple connected brain consists of multiple connected neurons called the neural network. We neurons called the neural network. We neurons called the neural network. We can also have a network of artificial can also have a network of artificial can also have a network of artificial neurons called the perceptron to form a neurons called the perceptron to form a neurons called the perceptron to form a deep neural network. Now coming to the deep neural network. Now coming to the deep neural network. Now coming to the next question, what is the role of next question, what is the role of next question, what is the role of weights and biases? Now for a weights and biases? Now for a weights and biases? Now for a perceptron, there can be one or more perceptron, there can be one or more perceptron, there can be one or more input called bias. While the weights input called bias. While the weights input called bias. While the weights determine the slope of the classifier determine the slope of the classifier determine the slope of the classifier line, the bias allows us to shift the line, the bias allows us to shift the line, the bias allows us to shift the line towards left or right. So normally line towards left or right. So normally line towards left or right. So normally bias is treated as another weighted bias is treated as another weighted bias is treated as another weighted input with the input value X in our input with the input value X in our input with the input value X in our case. If you have a look at a typical case. If you have a look at a typical case. If you have a look at a typical perceptron what it receives is a set of perceptron what it receives is a set of perceptron what it receives is a set of input. Now these inputs are not just input. Now these inputs are not just input. Now these inputs are not just input which it gathers. So weights are input which it gathers. So weights are input which it gathers. So weights are an additional input which it takes and an additional input which it takes and an additional input which it takes and according to that it computes and according to that it computes and according to that it computes and provides an output. Now which brings us provides an output. Now which brings us provides an output. Now which brings us to the next question which is what to the next question which is what to the next question which is what exactly are activation functions. So exactly are activation functions. So exactly are activation functions. So activation function translates the activation function translates the activation function translates the inputs into outputs and it uses a inputs into outputs and it uses a inputs into outputs and it uses a threshold to produce an output. So the threshold to produce an output. So the threshold to produce an output. So the activation function decides whether a activation function decides whether a activation function decides whether a neuron should be activated or not by neuron should be activated or not by neuron should be activated or not by calculating the weighted sum and further calculating the weighted sum and further calculating the weighted sum and further adding the bias with it. And the purpose adding the bias with it. And the purpose adding the bias with it. And the purpose of the activation function is to of the activation function is to of the activation function is to introduce a nonlinearity into the output introduce a nonlinearity into the output introduce a nonlinearity into the output of a neuron. There can be many of a neuron. There can be many of a neuron. There can be many activation functions like linear or activation functions like linear or activation functions like linear or identity. We have the binary step. We identity. We have the binary step. We identity. We have the binary step. We have sigmoid. We have the tan, we have have sigmoid. We have the tan, we have have sigmoid. We have the tan, we have ReLU and softmax. These are a lot of ReLU and softmax. These are a lot of ReLU and softmax. These are a lot of activation functions which are being activation functions which are being activation functions which are being heavily used in the deep learning heavily used in the deep learning heavily used in the deep learning industry. So one should actually know industry. So one should actually know industry. So one should actually know about all of these things. Now talking about all of these things. Now talking about all of these things. Now talking about perceptron, our next question what about perceptron, our next question what about perceptron, our next question what an interviewer might ask is explain the an interviewer might ask is explain the an interviewer might ask is explain the learning of a perceptron. So basically a learning of a perceptron. So basically a learning of a perceptron. So basically a perceptron has four steps of learning. perceptron has four steps of learning. perceptron has four steps of learning. So the first steps is initializing the So the first steps is initializing the So the first steps is initializing the weights and threshold. So just now as I weights and threshold. So just now as I weights and threshold. So just now as I mentioned initializing the weights and mentioned initializing the weights and mentioned initializing the weights and the threshold so to the perceptron so the threshold so to the perceptron so the threshold so to the perceptron so that it can activate a neuron by that it can activate a neuron by that it can activate a neuron by calculating the weighted sum and further calculating the weighted sum and further calculating the weighted sum and further adding the bias in and all. This is the adding the bias in and all. This is the adding the bias in and all. This is the first step and the second step is first step and the second step is first step and the second step is providing the input and calculating the providing the input and calculating the providing the input and calculating the output using the activation functions output using the activation functions output using the activation functions and according to that what we do is the and according to that what we do is the and according to that what we do is the third step involves updating the third step involves updating the third step involves updating the weights. Now once a particular weights. Now once a particular weights. Now once a particular perceptron learns something it has to perceptron learns something it has to perceptron learns something it has to update the weights. so that it could update the weights. so that it could update the weights. so that it could learn much more things in a new manner learn much more things in a new manner learn much more things in a new manner and the next step what comes is repeat and the next step what comes is repeat and the next step what comes is repeat the step number two and three which is the step number two and three which is the step number two and three which is provide the input and calculate the provide the input and calculate the provide the input and calculate the output and then update the weights output and then update the weights output and then update the weights accordingly. Now if you have a look at accordingly. Now if you have a look at accordingly. Now if you have a look at the equation here we have wj t + 1 that the equation here we have wj t + 1 that the equation here we have wj t + 1 that equals wj of t plus n of t minus yx. The equals wj of t plus n of t minus yx. The equals wj of t plus n of t minus yx. The wj of t + 1 is the updated weight wj of t + 1 is the updated weight wj of t + 1 is the updated weight whereas wj of t is the old weight d is whereas wj of t is the old weight d is whereas wj of t is the old weight d is the desired output. y is the actual the desired output. y is the actual the desired output. y is the actual output and x is the input. So this is output and x is the input. So this is output and x is the input. So this is the equation of the learning of a the equation of the learning of a the equation of the learning of a perceptron. Now the next question is perceptron. Now the next question is perceptron. Now the next question is what is the significance of a cost or a what is the significance of a cost or a what is the significance of a cost or a loss function? So a cost function is a loss function? So a cost function is a loss function? So a cost function is a measure of accuracy of the neural measure of accuracy of the neural measure of accuracy of the neural network with respect to a given training network with respect to a given training network with respect to a given training sample and expected output. It provides sample and expected output. It provides sample and expected output. It provides the performance of a neural network as a the performance of a neural network as a the performance of a neural network as a whole. And in deep learning the goal is whole. And in deep learning the goal is whole. And in deep learning the goal is to minimize the cost function. So for to minimize the cost function. So for to minimize the cost function. So for that we use the concept of gradient that we use the concept of gradient that we use the concept of gradient descent. Now which brings us to the next descent. Now which brings us to the next descent. Now which brings us to the next question which is what exactly is question which is what exactly is question which is what exactly is gradient descent and what are its gradient descent and what are its gradient descent and what are its various types. So gradient descent is an various types. So gradient descent is an various types. So gradient descent is an optimization algorithm which is used to optimization algorithm which is used to optimization algorithm which is used to minimize some function by iteratively minimize some function by iteratively minimize some function by iteratively moving in the direction of the steepest moving in the direction of the steepest moving in the direction of the steepest descent as defined by the negative of descent as defined by the negative of descent as defined by the negative of the gradient. Now think of it as a bowl the gradient. Now think of it as a bowl the gradient. Now think of it as a bowl in which you start from any particular in which you start from any particular in which you start from any particular point and the goal is to reach the point and the goal is to reach the point and the goal is to reach the bottom of the bowl which is the gradient bottom of the bowl which is the gradient bottom of the bowl which is the gradient descent. So there are uh three types of descent. So there are uh three types of descent. So there are uh three types of gradient descent which are the gradient descent which are the gradient descent which are the stochastic batch and the mini batch. So stochastic batch and the mini batch. So stochastic batch and the mini batch. So stochastic gradient descent it uses only stochastic gradient descent it uses only stochastic gradient descent it uses only single training example to calculate the single training example to calculate the single training example to calculate the gradient and update the parameters gradient and update the parameters gradient and update the parameters accordingly. Whereas the batch gradient accordingly. Whereas the batch gradient accordingly. Whereas the batch gradient descent calculates the gradients for the descent calculates the gradients for the descent calculates the gradients for the whole data set and performs just one whole data set and performs just one whole data set and performs just one update at each iteration. Now mini batch update at each iteration. Now mini batch update at each iteration. Now mini batch gradient descent is a variation of the gradient descent is a variation of the gradient descent is a variation of the stochastic gradient descent where stochastic gradient descent where stochastic gradient descent where instead of single training example mini instead of single training example mini instead of single training example mini batch of samples are used and it is one batch of samples are used and it is one batch of samples are used and it is one of the most popular optimization of the most popular optimization of the most popular optimization algorithm. Now if we talk about mini algorithm. Now if we talk about mini algorithm. Now if we talk about mini batch gradient descent one might ask is batch gradient descent one might ask is batch gradient descent one might ask is what are the benefits of the mini batch what are the benefits of the mini batch what are the benefits of the mini batch gradient descent or how is it useful gradient descent or how is it useful gradient descent or how is it useful than the others. Now the mini batch than the others. Now the mini batch than the others. Now the mini batch gradient descent is more efficient when gradient descent is more efficient when gradient descent is more efficient when compared to the stoastic gradient compared to the stoastic gradient compared to the stoastic gradient descent and the generalization is done descent and the generalization is done descent and the generalization is done by finding the flat minima which allows by finding the flat minima which allows by finding the flat minima which allows to help approximate the gradient of the to help approximate the gradient of the to help approximate the gradient of the entire training set which help us to entire training set which help us to entire training set which help us to avoid the local minima. Now this is why avoid the local minima. Now this is why avoid the local minima. Now this is why mini batch gradient descent is mini batch gradient descent is mini batch gradient descent is considered or is preferred over the considered or is preferred over the considered or is preferred over the regular gradient descent algorithm which regular gradient descent algorithm which regular gradient descent algorithm which is the stoastic gradient descent. Now is the stoastic gradient descent. Now is the stoastic gradient descent. Now one might ask what are the steps for one might ask what are the steps for one might ask what are the steps for using a gradient descent algorithms. So using a gradient descent algorithms. So using a gradient descent algorithms. So first of all what you need to do is first of all what you need to do is first of all what you need to do is initialize some random weight and bias initialize some random weight and bias initialize some random weight and bias and after that you need to do is pass an and after that you need to do is pass an and after that you need to do is pass an input through the network and get values input through the network and get values input through the network and get values from the output layer. Next what you're from the output layer. Next what you're from the output layer. Next what you're going to do is calculate the error going to do is calculate the error going to do is calculate the error between the actual value and the between the actual value and the between the actual value and the predicted value. Now this can be done in predicted value. Now this can be done in predicted value. Now this can be done in number of ways. Now the next step number of ways. Now the next step number of ways. Now the next step involves is to go to each neurons which involves is to go to each neurons which involves is to go to each neurons which contributes to the error and change its contributes to the error and change its contributes to the error and change its respective values to reduce the error respective values to reduce the error respective values to reduce the error which is basically our goal is to reduce which is basically our goal is to reduce which is basically our goal is to reduce the cost of any particular function or the cost of any particular function or the cost of any particular function or any particular model. So after that what any particular model. So after that what any particular model. So after that what you do is reiterate until you find the you do is reiterate until you find the you do is reiterate until you find the best weights of the network and you find best weights of the network and you find best weights of the network and you find the lowest cost of the particular the lowest cost of the particular the lowest cost of the particular network. So one might ask you to write network. So one might ask you to write network. So one might ask you to write any gradient descent program or write any gradient descent program or write any gradient descent program or write the pseudo code of any gradient descent the pseudo code of any gradient descent the pseudo code of any gradient descent program. So what you need to do first of program. So what you need to do first of program. So what you need to do first of all what we do is define the parameters all what we do is define the parameters all what we do is define the parameters which are the weights the hidden weights which are the weights the hidden weights which are the weights the hidden weights the weight output the bias hidden and the weight output the bias hidden and the weight output the bias hidden and the bias output. We define a function the bias output. We define a function the bias output. We define a function std with arguments as cost the std with arguments as cost the std with arguments as cost the parameters what we have discussed and parameters what we have discussed and parameters what we have discussed and the learning rate. Now what we do is the learning rate. Now what we do is the learning rate. Now what we do is then we then define the gradients of our then we then define the gradients of our then we then define the gradients of our parameters with respect to the cost parameters with respect to the cost parameters with respect to the cost function. So here we use the theano function. So here we use the theano function. So here we use the theano library to find the gradients and we library to find the gradients and we library to find the gradients and we import theo s and finally iterated import theo s and finally iterated import theo s and finally iterated through all the parameters to find out through all the parameters to find out through all the parameters to find out the updates for all the possible the updates for all the possible the updates for all the possible parameters. So you can see that we use parameters. So you can see that we use parameters. So you can see that we use vanilla gradient descent here and as you vanilla gradient descent here and as you vanilla gradient descent here and as you can see it returns the updates and what can see it returns the updates and what can see it returns the updates and what we do is update the parameters and the we do is update the parameters and the we do is update the parameters and the cost in this particular equation. The cost in this particular equation. The cost in this particular equation. The ultimate goal of any grain descent ultimate goal of any grain descent ultimate goal of any grain descent algorithm is to minimize the cost. Now algorithm is to minimize the cost. Now algorithm is to minimize the cost. Now talking about perceptron what are the talking about perceptron what are the talking about perceptron what are the shortcomings of a single layer shortcomings of a single layer shortcomings of a single layer perceptron. So well there are two major perceptron. So well there are two major perceptron. So well there are two major problems. Now first of all is that the problems. Now first of all is that the problems. Now first of all is that the single layer perceptron cannot classify single layer perceptron cannot classify single layer perceptron cannot classify nonlinear separable data points and the nonlinear separable data points and the nonlinear separable data points and the second point is that the complex second point is that the complex second point is that the complex problems that involve a lot of problems that involve a lot of problems that involve a lot of parameters cannot be solved by a single parameters cannot be solved by a single parameters cannot be solved by a single layer perceptron. layer perceptron. layer perceptron. Now consider an example here and the Now consider an example here and the Now consider an example here and the complexity which arises when the complexity which arises when the complexity which arises when the parameters are involved to take a parameters are involved to take a parameters are involved to take a decision by a marketing team. So first decision by a marketing team. So first decision by a marketing team. So first of all we have the categories which are of all we have the categories which are of all we have the categories which are the email direct paid refer program or the email direct paid refer program or the email direct paid refer program or the organic and inside these category we the organic and inside these category we the organic and inside these category we have subcategories which are the Google, have subcategories which are the Google, have subcategories which are the Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter we have Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter we have Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter we have Instagram now and inside that we have Instagram now and inside that we have Instagram now and inside that we have the type of subcategory which are the the type of subcategory which are the the type of subcategory which are the search ads, remarketing ads, interested search ads, remarketing ads, interested search ads, remarketing ads, interested ads, lookike ads and again if we do a ads, lookike ads and again if we do a ads, lookike ads and again if we do a subdivision we have the parameters to subdivision we have the parameters to subdivision we have the parameters to consider which are the customer consider which are the customer consider which are the customer acquisition cost, we have the money acquisition cost, we have the money acquisition cost, we have the money spent and the click rate or the lead spent and the click rate or the lead spent and the click rate or the lead generated the customer generated and the generated the customer generated and the generated the customer generated and the time taken to become a customer. So one time taken to become a customer. So one time taken to become a customer. So one neuron cannot take in so many inputs and neuron cannot take in so many inputs and neuron cannot take in so many inputs and that is why more than one neuron would that is why more than one neuron would that is why more than one neuron would be used to solve this problem. Now which be used to solve this problem. Now which be used to solve this problem. Now which brings us to the question what is a brings us to the question what is a brings us to the question what is a multi-layer perceptron. So a multi-layer multi-layer perceptron. So a multi-layer multi-layer perceptron. So a multi-layer perceptron or MLP is a class of feed perceptron or MLP is a class of feed perceptron or MLP is a class of feed forward artificial neural network and it forward artificial neural network and it forward artificial neural network and it is composed of more than one perceptron. is composed of more than one perceptron. is composed of more than one perceptron. They are composed of an input layer to They are composed of an input layer to They are composed of an input layer to receive the signal. An output layer that receive the signal. An output layer that receive the signal. An output layer that makes a decision or the prediction about makes a decision or the prediction about makes a decision or the prediction about the input and in between these two an the input and in between these two an the input and in between these two an arbitrary number of hidden layers that arbitrary number of hidden layers that arbitrary number of hidden layers that are the true computational engine of any are the true computational engine of any are the true computational engine of any multi-layer perceptron. Now one might multi-layer perceptron. Now one might multi-layer perceptron. Now one might ask what are the different paths of any ask what are the different paths of any ask what are the different paths of any multi-layer perceptron or a neural multi-layer perceptron or a neural multi-layer perceptron or a neural network. So first of all what we have network. So first of all what we have network. So first of all what we have are input nodes. So uh the input nodes are input nodes. So uh the input nodes are input nodes. So uh the input nodes provide information from the outside provide information from the outside provide information from the outside world to the network and are together world to the network and are together world to the network and are together referred as the input layer. No referred as the input layer. No referred as the input layer. No computation is performed in any of the computation is performed in any of the computation is performed in any of the input nodes. They just pass the input nodes. They just pass the input nodes. They just pass the information to the hidden layers. Now information to the hidden layers. Now information to the hidden layers. Now hidden nodes have no direct connection hidden nodes have no direct connection hidden nodes have no direct connection with the outside world. Hence the name with the outside world. Hence the name with the outside world. Hence the name hidden. And what they do is they perform hidden. And what they do is they perform hidden. And what they do is they perform computation and transfer the information computation and transfer the information computation and transfer the information from the input nodes to the output from the input nodes to the output from the input nodes to the output nodes. Now a collection of hidden nodes nodes. Now a collection of hidden nodes nodes. Now a collection of hidden nodes forms the hidden layer and while a forms the hidden layer and while a forms the hidden layer and while a network will only have a single input network will only have a single input network will only have a single input layer and a single output layer it can layer and a single output layer it can layer and a single output layer it can have zero to n number of hidden layers have zero to n number of hidden layers have zero to n number of hidden layers and a multi-layer perceptron has more and a multi-layer perceptron has more and a multi-layer perceptron has more than one hidden layer. Now if we talk than one hidden layer. Now if we talk than one hidden layer. Now if we talk about output nodes, the output nodes are about output nodes, the output nodes are about output nodes, the output nodes are collectively referred to as the output collectively referred to as the output collectively referred to as the output layer and are responsible for the layer and are responsible for the layer and are responsible for the computation and transferring information computation and transferring information computation and transferring information from the network to the outside world from the network to the outside world from the network to the outside world and hence and hence they are also and hence and hence they are also and hence and hence they are also responsible for the prediction. Now responsible for the prediction. Now responsible for the prediction. Now coming to our next question, what coming to our next question, what coming to our next question, what exactly is data normalization and why do exactly is data normalization and why do exactly is data normalization and why do we need it? Now data normalization is a we need it? Now data normalization is a we need it? Now data normalization is a very important pre-processing step which very important pre-processing step which very important pre-processing step which is to normalize the data. The data is to normalize the data. The data is to normalize the data. The data should not be either left skewed or should not be either left skewed or should not be either left skewed or right skewed. It should be normal and is right skewed. It should be normal and is right skewed. It should be normal and is used to rescale the values to fit in a used to rescale the values to fit in a used to rescale the values to fit in a specific range to asssure the better specific range to asssure the better specific range to asssure the better convergence during back propagation and convergence during back propagation and convergence during back propagation and in general it boils down to subtracting in general it boils down to subtracting in general it boils down to subtracting the mean of each data point and dividing the mean of each data point and dividing the mean of each data point and dividing by its standard deviation so that we get by its standard deviation so that we get by its standard deviation so that we get a normally distributed data and it makes a normally distributed data and it makes a normally distributed data and it makes computation easy in terms of the back computation easy in terms of the back computation easy in terms of the back propagation in case of neural network. propagation in case of neural network. propagation in case of neural network. So this is a very important part of any So this is a very important part of any So this is a very important part of any deep neural network. Now talking about deep neural network. Now talking about deep neural network. Now talking about deep neural networks so or neural deep neural networks so or neural deep neural networks so or neural networks in general. Coming to our next networks in general. Coming to our next networks in general. Coming to our next question which is now what is better the question which is now what is better the question which is now what is better the deep networks or the shallow ones and deep networks or the shallow ones and deep networks or the shallow ones and why. Now both the networks be it shallow why. Now both the networks be it shallow why. Now both the networks be it shallow or deep are capable of approximating any or deep are capable of approximating any or deep are capable of approximating any function. What matters is how precise function. What matters is how precise function. What matters is how precise that network is in terms of getting the that network is in terms of getting the that network is in terms of getting the result. Now shallow network works with result. Now shallow network works with result. Now shallow network works with only a few features as it cannot extract only a few features as it cannot extract only a few features as it cannot extract more. But a deep network goes deep by more. But a deep network goes deep by more. But a deep network goes deep by computing efficiently and working on computing efficiently and working on computing efficiently and working on more features or the parameters. Now more features or the parameters. Now more features or the parameters. Now deeper networks are able to create deep deeper networks are able to create deep deeper networks are able to create deep representation at every layer. The representation at every layer. The representation at every layer. The network learns a new more abstract network learns a new more abstract network learns a new more abstract representation of the input and hence representation of the input and hence representation of the input and hence deep neural networks are better than the deep neural networks are better than the deep neural networks are better than the shallow ones. So what exactly is weight shallow ones. So what exactly is weight shallow ones. So what exactly is weight initialization in a neural network? Now initialization in a neural network? Now initialization in a neural network? Now as we saw we had weight initialization as we saw we had weight initialization as we saw we had weight initialization in perceptron. So weight initialization in perceptron. So weight initialization in perceptron. So weight initialization is one of the very important steps. A is one of the very important steps. A is one of the very important steps. A bad weight initialization can prevent a bad weight initialization can prevent a bad weight initialization can prevent a network from learning but good weight network from learning but good weight network from learning but good weight initialization can help it in giving initialization can help it in giving initialization can help it in giving quicker convergence and a better overall quicker convergence and a better overall quicker convergence and a better overall error. Now biases can be generally error. Now biases can be generally error. Now biases can be generally initialized to zero. The rule for initialized to zero. The rule for initialized to zero. The rule for setting the weights is to be close to setting the weights is to be close to setting the weights is to be close to zero without being too small because zero without being too small because zero without being too small because every time the weight is being every time the weight is being every time the weight is being multiplied to the inputs, the result multiplied to the inputs, the result multiplied to the inputs, the result gets smaller and smaller. Now talking gets smaller and smaller. Now talking gets smaller and smaller. Now talking about neural networks, what is the about neural networks, what is the about neural networks, what is the difference between a feed forward and a difference between a feed forward and a difference between a feed forward and a back propagation neural network? Now a back propagation neural network? Now a back propagation neural network? Now a feed forward neural network is a type of feed forward neural network is a type of feed forward neural network is a type of neural network architecture where the neural network architecture where the neural network architecture where the connections are fed forward that is they connections are fed forward that is they connections are fed forward that is they do not form cycles. The term feed do not form cycles. The term feed do not form cycles. The term feed forward is also used when you input forward is also used when you input forward is also used when you input something at the input layer and it something at the input layer and it something at the input layer and it travels from the input to the hidden and travels from the input to the hidden and travels from the input to the hidden and from the hidden to the output layer. The from the hidden to the output layer. The from the hidden to the output layer. The values are fed forward. Now back values are fed forward. Now back values are fed forward. Now back propagation is a training algorithm propagation is a training algorithm propagation is a training algorithm which consists of two steps majorly. The which consists of two steps majorly. The which consists of two steps majorly. The first one is feed forwarding the values first one is feed forwarding the values first one is feed forwarding the values and the second one is to calculate the and the second one is to calculate the and the second one is to calculate the error and propagate it back to the error and propagate it back to the error and propagate it back to the earlier layers. So to be precise forward earlier layers. So to be precise forward earlier layers. So to be precise forward propagation is a part of back propagation is a part of back propagation is a part of back propagation algorithm but it comes propagation algorithm but it comes propagation algorithm but it comes before the back propagation. So one before the back propagation. So one before the back propagation. So one might ask the question which is one of might ask the question which is one of might ask the question which is one of the most important questions is that the most important questions is that the most important questions is that what are the hyperparameters in a neural what are the hyperparameters in a neural what are the hyperparameters in a neural networks and name a few of these networks and name a few of these networks and name a few of these hyperparameters. hyperparameters. hyperparameters. So hyperparameters are the variables So hyperparameters are the variables So hyperparameters are the variables which determine the network structure which determine the network structure which determine the network structure that is for example the number of hidden that is for example the number of hidden that is for example the number of hidden units and or the hidden layers and the units and or the hidden layers and the units and or the hidden layers and the variables which determine how the variables which determine how the variables which determine how the network is trained for example the network is trained for example the network is trained for example the learning rate. Now there are two types learning rate. Now there are two types learning rate. Now there are two types of hyperparameters usually one are the of hyperparameters usually one are the of hyperparameters usually one are the network parameters which are associated network parameters which are associated network parameters which are associated to the network. In that case we have the to the network. In that case we have the to the network. In that case we have the number of layers we have the network number of layers we have the network number of layers we have the network weight initialization. we have the weight initialization. we have the weight initialization. we have the activation function and in the training activation function and in the training activation function and in the training parameters we have the learning rate, we parameters we have the learning rate, we parameters we have the learning rate, we have momentum, number of epochs, we have have momentum, number of epochs, we have have momentum, number of epochs, we have the batch size and much more. Now a lot the batch size and much more. Now a lot the batch size and much more. Now a lot of hyperparameters also differ when we of hyperparameters also differ when we of hyperparameters also differ when we work along with different types of work along with different types of work along with different types of neural networks. So as in CNN we get neural networks. So as in CNN we get neural networks. So as in CNN we get extra parameters to work on when extra parameters to work on when extra parameters to work on when considering CNN which are the considering CNN which are the considering CNN which are the convolutional neural networks and convolutional neural networks and convolutional neural networks and sometimes we have to deal with less sometimes we have to deal with less sometimes we have to deal with less number of hyperparameters. It all number of hyperparameters. It all number of hyperparameters. It all depends upon the type of neural network depends upon the type of neural network depends upon the type of neural network which you are using. So uh which brings which you are using. So uh which brings which you are using. So uh which brings us to the next question is that explain us to the next question is that explain us to the next question is that explain the different hyperparameters related to the different hyperparameters related to the different hyperparameters related to networking and training. So in training networking and training. So in training networking and training. So in training we have first of all we have the number we have first of all we have the number we have first of all we have the number of hidden layers. So hidden layers are of hidden layers. So hidden layers are of hidden layers. So hidden layers are the layers between the input and the the layers between the input and the the layers between the input and the output layers as we just discussed and output layers as we just discussed and output layers as we just discussed and many hidden units within a layer with many hidden units within a layer with many hidden units within a layer with regularization technique can increase regularization technique can increase regularization technique can increase the accuracy as smaller number of units the accuracy as smaller number of units the accuracy as smaller number of units may cause underfitting. Now another may cause underfitting. Now another may cause underfitting. Now another important aspect is network weight important aspect is network weight important aspect is network weight initialization. So ideally it may be initialization. So ideally it may be initialization. So ideally it may be better to use different weight better to use different weight better to use different weight initialization schemes according to the initialization schemes according to the initialization schemes according to the activation function used on each layer. activation function used on each layer. activation function used on each layer. Mostly uniform distribution is used or Mostly uniform distribution is used or Mostly uniform distribution is used or the normal distribution. Now if we talk the normal distribution. Now if we talk the normal distribution. Now if we talk about activation function so they are about activation function so they are about activation function so they are also used to introduce nonlinearity to also used to introduce nonlinearity to also used to introduce nonlinearity to the models. They're also used to the models. They're also used to the models. They're also used to introduce nonlinearity to the models introduce nonlinearity to the models introduce nonlinearity to the models which allows deep learning models to which allows deep learning models to which allows deep learning models to learn nonlinear prediction boundaries. learn nonlinear prediction boundaries. learn nonlinear prediction boundaries. Now generally the rectifier activation Now generally the rectifier activation Now generally the rectifier activation function or the relu is the most function or the relu is the most function or the relu is the most popular. Now if we talk about the popular. Now if we talk about the popular. Now if we talk about the training parameters. So these were the training parameters. So these were the training parameters. So these were the network parameters which have to be network parameters which have to be network parameters which have to be initialized to a deep neural network initialized to a deep neural network initialized to a deep neural network before the training begins. And just before the training begins. And just before the training begins. And just before the training we have the training before the training we have the training before the training we have the training parameters which are the learning rate. parameters which are the learning rate. parameters which are the learning rate. So the learning rate defines how quickly So the learning rate defines how quickly So the learning rate defines how quickly a network updates its parameter. Low a network updates its parameter. Low a network updates its parameter. Low learning rate slows down the learning learning rate slows down the learning learning rate slows down the learning process but converts smoothly. A larger process but converts smoothly. A larger process but converts smoothly. A larger learning rate speeds up the learning but learning rate speeds up the learning but learning rate speeds up the learning but may not converge as smooth as a low may not converge as smooth as a low may not converge as smooth as a low learning rate. Usually a decaying learning rate. Usually a decaying learning rate. Usually a decaying learning rate is preferred so that we learning rate is preferred so that we learning rate is preferred so that we get the best of both worlds and we get get the best of both worlds and we get get the best of both worlds and we get the best expected output. Now another the best expected output. Now another the best expected output. Now another hyperparameter is momentum. So momentum hyperparameter is momentum. So momentum hyperparameter is momentum. So momentum helps us to know the direction of the helps us to know the direction of the helps us to know the direction of the next step with the knowledge of the next step with the knowledge of the next step with the knowledge of the previous step. Now it helps to prevent previous step. Now it helps to prevent previous step. Now it helps to prevent oscillation and a typical choice of oscillation and a typical choice of oscillation and a typical choice of momentum is between 0.5 to 0.9. Now if momentum is between 0.5 to 0.9. Now if momentum is between 0.5 to 0.9. Now if we talk about the number of epochs. So we talk about the number of epochs. So we talk about the number of epochs. So epoch is basically iteration. So number epoch is basically iteration. So number epoch is basically iteration. So number of epochs is the number of times the of epochs is the number of times the of epochs is the number of times the whole training data is shown to the whole training data is shown to the whole training data is shown to the network while training. So increase the network while training. So increase the network while training. So increase the number of epochs until the validation number of epochs until the validation number of epochs until the validation accuracy starts decreasing inventoring accuracy starts decreasing inventoring accuracy starts decreasing inventoring accuracy is increasing. So that results accuracy is increasing. So that results accuracy is increasing. So that results in sometimes overfitting. And if we talk in sometimes overfitting. And if we talk in sometimes overfitting. And if we talk about the batch size, so mini batch size about the batch size, so mini batch size about the batch size, so mini batch size is the number of subsamples given to the is the number of subsamples given to the is the number of subsamples given to the network after which parameters update network after which parameters update network after which parameters update happen. So a good default for batch size happen. So a good default for batch size happen. So a good default for batch size might be 32 or 16 64. It depends upon might be 32 or 16 64. It depends upon might be 32 or 16 64. It depends upon the size of you know the data you have. the size of you know the data you have. the size of you know the data you have. It can be any arbitrary number but it's It can be any arbitrary number but it's It can be any arbitrary number but it's always better to have it in the power of always better to have it in the power of always better to have it in the power of two. Right? So while we were talking two. Right? So while we were talking two. Right? So while we were talking about overfitting which brings us to our about overfitting which brings us to our about overfitting which brings us to our next question which is what exactly is a next question which is what exactly is a next question which is what exactly is a dropout. So dropout is a regularization dropout. So dropout is a regularization dropout. So dropout is a regularization technique to avoid overfitting which is technique to avoid overfitting which is technique to avoid overfitting which is to increase the validation accuracy thus to increase the validation accuracy thus to increase the validation accuracy thus increasing the generalization power. Now increasing the generalization power. Now increasing the generalization power. Now generally use a small dropward value of generally use a small dropward value of generally use a small dropward value of 20% to 50% of the neurons with 20% 20% to 50% of the neurons with 20% 20% to 50% of the neurons with 20% providing a good starting point and a providing a good starting point and a providing a good starting point and a probability too low has minimal effect probability too low has minimal effect probability too low has minimal effect and a value too high results in and a value too high results in and a value too high results in underarning by the network. So first of underarning by the network. So first of underarning by the network. So first of all what you need to do is use a large all what you need to do is use a large all what you need to do is use a large network and you are likely to get better network and you are likely to get better network and you are likely to get better performance when the dropout is used on performance when the dropout is used on performance when the dropout is used on a larger network giving the model more a larger network giving the model more a larger network giving the model more of an opportunity to learn independent of an opportunity to learn independent of an opportunity to learn independent representation. Now our next question is representation. Now our next question is representation. Now our next question is in a neural network you notice that the in a neural network you notice that the in a neural network you notice that the loss does not decrease in the few loss does not decrease in the few loss does not decrease in the few starting epochs. So what could be the starting epochs. So what could be the starting epochs. So what could be the possible reason for this to happen? Now possible reason for this to happen? Now possible reason for this to happen? Now the correct answer is the reason for the correct answer is the reason for the correct answer is the reason for this could be the learning rate is low this could be the learning rate is low this could be the learning rate is low first of all or it might be the first of all or it might be the first of all or it might be the regularization parameter is high or it regularization parameter is high or it regularization parameter is high or it can be it is stuck at local minima. So can be it is stuck at local minima. So can be it is stuck at local minima. So it might take certain iteration to go it might take certain iteration to go it might take certain iteration to go out of that local minima and finally out of that local minima and finally out of that local minima and finally reach the lowest point. So it might reach the lowest point. So it might reach the lowest point. So it might happen in some cases that it is stuck at happen in some cases that it is stuck at happen in some cases that it is stuck at local minima. So another approach to local minima. So another approach to local minima. So another approach to that sort of problem must be initiated that sort of problem must be initiated that sort of problem must be initiated at that particular point of time. Now at that particular point of time. Now at that particular point of time. Now talking about deep learning, one might talking about deep learning, one might talking about deep learning, one might ask to name you a few deep learning ask to name you a few deep learning ask to name you a few deep learning frameworks which are being used in the frameworks which are being used in the frameworks which are being used in the industry. So first of all the foremost industry. So first of all the foremost industry. So first of all the foremost and the most amazing deep learning and the most amazing deep learning and the most amazing deep learning library is the tensorflow. Followed by library is the tensorflow. Followed by library is the tensorflow. Followed by we have cafe. We have the Microsoft we have cafe. We have the Microsoft we have cafe. We have the Microsoft cognitive toolkit which is the CNTK. We cognitive toolkit which is the CNTK. We cognitive toolkit which is the CNTK. We have torch or pytorch which is giving a have torch or pytorch which is giving a have torch or pytorch which is giving a good battle or it's standing out from good battle or it's standing out from good battle or it's standing out from the crowd and people are sometimes the crowd and people are sometimes the crowd and people are sometimes preferring pytorch over tensorflow. Now preferring pytorch over tensorflow. Now preferring pytorch over tensorflow. Now MXNet is another deep learning MXNet is another deep learning MXNet is another deep learning framework. We have chainer and we have framework. We have chainer and we have framework. We have chainer and we have kas. Now kas as you know can be kas. Now kas as you know can be kas. Now kas as you know can be integrated with theo as well as integrated with theo as well as integrated with theo as well as tensorflow and kas has been considered tensorflow and kas has been considered tensorflow and kas has been considered one of the best or the simplest deep one of the best or the simplest deep one of the best or the simplest deep learning framework when it comes to deep learning framework when it comes to deep learning framework when it comes to deep learning. Now one might ask what exactly learning. Now one might ask what exactly learning. Now one might ask what exactly are tensors? So tensors are nothing but are tensors? So tensors are nothing but are tensors? So tensors are nothing but a def factor for representing the data a def factor for representing the data a def factor for representing the data in deep learning. What I meant to say in deep learning. What I meant to say in deep learning. What I meant to say that tensors are just multi-dimensional that tensors are just multi-dimensional that tensors are just multi-dimensional arrays that allows you to represent the arrays that allows you to represent the arrays that allows you to represent the data having higher dimensions. In data having higher dimensions. In data having higher dimensions. In general deep learning you deal with general deep learning you deal with general deep learning you deal with highdimensional data sets where highdimensional data sets where highdimensional data sets where dimensional refer to the different dimensional refer to the different dimensional refer to the different features present in the data set. So features present in the data set. So features present in the data set. So what you need is a multi-dimensional what you need is a multi-dimensional what you need is a multi-dimensional sort of array or a data structure what sort of array or a data structure what sort of array or a data structure what you could say. So that's what exactly you could say. So that's what exactly you could say. So that's what exactly tensor is and in fact the name tensor is and in fact the name tensor is and in fact the name tensorflow has been derived from the tensorflow has been derived from the tensorflow has been derived from the operations which the neural network operations which the neural network operations which the neural network perform on tensor. So it's literally a perform on tensor. So it's literally a perform on tensor. So it's literally a flow of tensor. Now talking about flow of tensor. Now talking about flow of tensor. Now talking about TensorFlow one might ask since it's the TensorFlow one might ask since it's the TensorFlow one might ask since it's the most popular deep learning framework and most popular deep learning framework and most popular deep learning framework and companies prefer people having the companies prefer people having the companies prefer people having the knowledge of TensorFlow and been working knowledge of TensorFlow and been working knowledge of TensorFlow and been working on it. So what are the few advantages of on it. So what are the few advantages of on it. So what are the few advantages of TensorFlow? So first of all it has the TensorFlow? So first of all it has the TensorFlow? So first of all it has the platform flexibility. platform flexibility. platform flexibility. It is easily trainable on CPU as well as It is easily trainable on CPU as well as It is easily trainable on CPU as well as GPU for distributed computing. Now, GPU for distributed computing. Now, GPU for distributed computing. Now, TensorFlow has auto differentiation TensorFlow has auto differentiation TensorFlow has auto differentiation capabilities and it has advanced support capabilities and it has advanced support capabilities and it has advanced support for threads, asynchronous computation for threads, asynchronous computation for threads, asynchronous computation and it is a customizable and open-source and it is a customizable and open-source and it is a customizable and open-source framework. And most importantly, if we framework. And most importantly, if we framework. And most importantly, if we talk about the latest TensorFlow 2.0 talk about the latest TensorFlow 2.0 talk about the latest TensorFlow 2.0 which has just been released. So those which has just been released. So those which has just been released. So those come up with a lot of interesting come up with a lot of interesting come up with a lot of interesting features and it has adopted KAS as its features and it has adopted KAS as its features and it has adopted KAS as its highle API fully. So that the coding highle API fully. So that the coding highle API fully. So that the coding aspect of it is much simplified and aspect of it is much simplified and aspect of it is much simplified and eager execution is now by default so eager execution is now by default so eager execution is now by default so that you do not have to write loads and that you do not have to write loads and that you do not have to write loads and loads of line of code. And if you want loads of line of code. And if you want loads of line of code. And if you want to know more about TensorFlow 2.0 and to know more about TensorFlow 2.0 and to know more about TensorFlow 2.0 and why it's the best deep learning why it's the best deep learning why it's the best deep learning framework in the industry right now, framework in the industry right now, framework in the industry right now, just go ahead and check our TensorFlow just go ahead and check our TensorFlow just go ahead and check our TensorFlow 2.0 video. I'll leave the link in the 2.0 video. I'll leave the link in the 2.0 video. I'll leave the link in the description box below. Go check it out description box below. Go check it out description box below. Go check it out guys and understand how exactly is it guys and understand how exactly is it guys and understand how exactly is it better from the previous version and why better from the previous version and why better from the previous version and why it is the best deep learning framework it is the best deep learning framework it is the best deep learning framework right now. Now talking about right now. Now talking about right now. Now talking about computational graphs one might ask what computational graphs one might ask what computational graphs one might ask what exactly they are. So well a exactly they are. So well a exactly they are. So well a computational graph is a series of computational graph is a series of computational graph is a series of tensorflow operations arranged as nodes tensorflow operations arranged as nodes tensorflow operations arranged as nodes in the graph. Now each node takes zero in the graph. Now each node takes zero in the graph. Now each node takes zero or more tensors as input and produces a or more tensors as input and produces a or more tensors as input and produces a tensor as output. Now basically one can tensor as output. Now basically one can tensor as output. Now basically one can think of a computational graph as an think of a computational graph as an think of a computational graph as an alternative way of conceptualizing alternative way of conceptualizing alternative way of conceptualizing mathematical calculation that take place mathematical calculation that take place mathematical calculation that take place in a tensorflow program. Now the in a tensorflow program. Now the in a tensorflow program. Now the operations assigned to the different operations assigned to the different operations assigned to the different notational graph can be performed in notational graph can be performed in notational graph can be performed in parallel thus providing better parallel thus providing better parallel thus providing better performance in terms of computation. So performance in terms of computation. So performance in terms of computation. So one might ask what exactly is a one might ask what exactly is a one might ask what exactly is a convolution neural network? Now a convolution neural network? Now a convolution neural network? Now a convolution neural network or CNN or convolution neural network or CNN or convolution neural network or CNN or cornnet is a class of deep learning cornnet is a class of deep learning cornnet is a class of deep learning neural networks which is most commonly neural networks which is most commonly neural networks which is most commonly applied to analyzing the visual imagery. applied to analyzing the visual imagery. applied to analyzing the visual imagery. So CNN use a variation of the So CNN use a variation of the So CNN use a variation of the multi-layer proceptron uh designed to multi-layer proceptron uh designed to multi-layer proceptron uh designed to require minimal processing. Now one require minimal processing. Now one require minimal processing. Now one might ask the next question if you are might ask the next question if you are might ask the next question if you are going for an interview which requires going for an interview which requires going for an interview which requires you to work with a lot of images or you to work with a lot of images or you to work with a lot of images or videos. So in that case CNN's are very videos. So in that case CNN's are very videos. So in that case CNN's are very much used. So having a good knowledge of much used. So having a good knowledge of much used. So having a good knowledge of CNN is always better in that case. So CNN is always better in that case. So CNN is always better in that case. So the next question what we have here is the next question what we have here is the next question what we have here is what are the various layers of CNN. Now what are the various layers of CNN. Now what are the various layers of CNN. Now there are four layered concepts everyone there are four layered concepts everyone there are four layered concepts everyone should understand in convolutional should understand in convolutional should understand in convolutional neural networks are first the neural networks are first the neural networks are first the convolutional layer, the second is the convolutional layer, the second is the convolutional layer, the second is the ReLU layer and finally we have the ReLU layer and finally we have the ReLU layer and finally we have the pooling layer and finally we end up with pooling layer and finally we end up with pooling layer and finally we end up with the full connectedness or the full the full connectedness or the full the full connectedness or the full connected layer. Now if we talk about connected layer. Now if we talk about connected layer. Now if we talk about CNN we have to talk about RNN also. So CNN we have to talk about RNN also. So CNN we have to talk about RNN also. So one might ask what exactly is RNN? So one might ask what exactly is RNN? So one might ask what exactly is RNN? So RNN or the recurren networks are a type RNN or the recurren networks are a type RNN or the recurren networks are a type of artificial neural networks which are of artificial neural networks which are of artificial neural networks which are designed to recognize the patterns in designed to recognize the patterns in designed to recognize the patterns in the sequence of data such as text the sequence of data such as text the sequence of data such as text genomes handwriting the spoken word genomes handwriting the spoken word genomes handwriting the spoken word numerical time series data from sensors numerical time series data from sensors numerical time series data from sensors the stock markets and the government the stock markets and the government the stock markets and the government agencies. So recurrent neural networks agencies. So recurrent neural networks agencies. So recurrent neural networks use back propagation algorithm for use back propagation algorithm for use back propagation algorithm for training but it is applied for every training but it is applied for every training but it is applied for every time stamp. It is commonly known as back time stamp. It is commonly known as back time stamp. It is commonly known as back propagation through time which is BTT. propagation through time which is BTT. propagation through time which is BTT. Now our next question is what are some Now our next question is what are some Now our next question is what are some issues faced while training an RNN. So issues faced while training an RNN. So issues faced while training an RNN. So recurren neural networks use back recurren neural networks use back recurren neural networks use back propagation algorithm as I just propagation algorithm as I just propagation algorithm as I just mentioned for training but it is applied mentioned for training but it is applied mentioned for training but it is applied for every time stamp and there are some for every time stamp and there are some for every time stamp and there are some issues with back propagation such as issues with back propagation such as issues with back propagation such as vanishing gradient or the exploring vanishing gradient or the exploring vanishing gradient or the exploring gradient where the gradient vanishes or gradient where the gradient vanishes or gradient where the gradient vanishes or it is too much to handle which brings us it is too much to handle which brings us it is too much to handle which brings us to the next set of questions. The first to the next set of questions. The first to the next set of questions. The first of which is what exactly is a vanishing of which is what exactly is a vanishing of which is what exactly is a vanishing gradient and how is it harmful? Now when gradient and how is it harmful? Now when gradient and how is it harmful? Now when we do back propagation that is move we do back propagation that is move we do back propagation that is move backward in the network and calculating backward in the network and calculating backward in the network and calculating gradients of loss which is the error gradients of loss which is the error gradients of loss which is the error with respect to the weights the with respect to the weights the with respect to the weights the gradients tend to get smaller and gradients tend to get smaller and gradients tend to get smaller and smaller as we keep on moving backward in smaller as we keep on moving backward in smaller as we keep on moving backward in the network. Now this means that the the network. Now this means that the the network. Now this means that the neurons in the earlier layers learn very neurons in the earlier layers learn very neurons in the earlier layers learn very slowly as compared to the neurons in the slowly as compared to the neurons in the slowly as compared to the neurons in the later layers in the hierarchy. Now the later layers in the hierarchy. Now the later layers in the hierarchy. Now the earlier layers in the networks are the earlier layers in the networks are the earlier layers in the networks are the slowest to train. Now how is this slowest to train. Now how is this slowest to train. Now how is this harmful? So earlier layers in the neural harmful? So earlier layers in the neural harmful? So earlier layers in the neural networks are important because they are networks are important because they are networks are important because they are responsible to learn and detect the responsible to learn and detect the responsible to learn and detect the simple patterns and are actually the simple patterns and are actually the simple patterns and are actually the building blocks of our neural network. building blocks of our neural network. building blocks of our neural network. Obviously if they give improper and Obviously if they give improper and Obviously if they give improper and inaccurate result then how can we expect inaccurate result then how can we expect inaccurate result then how can we expect the next layer and the complete network the next layer and the complete network the next layer and the complete network to perform nicely and produce the to perform nicely and produce the to perform nicely and produce the accurate result. So the training process accurate result. So the training process accurate result. So the training process takes too long and the prediction takes too long and the prediction takes too long and the prediction accuracy of the model will decrease. Now accuracy of the model will decrease. Now accuracy of the model will decrease. Now another question here arises is what another question here arises is what another question here arises is what exactly is then exploding gradient exactly is then exploding gradient exactly is then exploding gradient descent. Now this is just the opposite descent. Now this is just the opposite descent. Now this is just the opposite of vanishing gradient descent. So of vanishing gradient descent. So of vanishing gradient descent. So exploding gradients are a problem when exploding gradients are a problem when exploding gradients are a problem when large error gradients accumulate and large error gradients accumulate and large error gradients accumulate and result in very large updates to the result in very large updates to the result in very large updates to the neural network model weights during neural network model weights during neural network model weights during training. So the gradients are used training. So the gradients are used training. So the gradients are used during the training to update the during the training to update the during the training to update the network weights. But typically when this network weights. But typically when this network weights. But typically when this process works best is when this weights process works best is when this weights process works best is when this weights are small and controlled when the are small and controlled when the are small and controlled when the magnitudes of the gradients accumulate magnitudes of the gradients accumulate magnitudes of the gradients accumulate and the unstable network is likely to and the unstable network is likely to and the unstable network is likely to occur. Now which causes a poor occur. Now which causes a poor occur. Now which causes a poor prediction and results or even a model prediction and results or even a model prediction and results or even a model that reports nothing useful whatsoever. that reports nothing useful whatsoever. that reports nothing useful whatsoever. So vanishing gradient and the exploding So vanishing gradient and the exploding So vanishing gradient and the exploding gradient are two problems which occur gradient are two problems which occur gradient are two problems which occur while the back propagation happens in a while the back propagation happens in a while the back propagation happens in a recurrent neural network. So our next recurrent neural network. So our next recurrent neural network. So our next question is what are LSTM? So long question is what are LSTM? So long question is what are LSTM? So long short-term memory which are the LSTM is short-term memory which are the LSTM is short-term memory which are the LSTM is an artificial recurren neural network an artificial recurren neural network an artificial recurren neural network architecture used in the field of deep architecture used in the field of deep architecture used in the field of deep learning and unlike standard feed learning and unlike standard feed learning and unlike standard feed forward neural networks the LSTM has forward neural networks the LSTM has forward neural networks the LSTM has feedback connection that make it a feedback connection that make it a feedback connection that make it a generalpurpose computer. Now it can not generalpurpose computer. Now it can not generalpurpose computer. Now it can not only process single data points but also only process single data points but also only process single data points but also the entire sequence of data. They are a the entire sequence of data. They are a the entire sequence of data. They are a special kind of RNN or the recurren special kind of RNN or the recurren special kind of RNN or the recurren neuronet network which are capable of neuronet network which are capable of neuronet network which are capable of learning long-term dependencies. learning long-term dependencies. learning long-term dependencies. Now one might ask what are capsules in a Now one might ask what are capsules in a Now one might ask what are capsules in a capsule neural network. So capsules are capsule neural network. So capsules are capsule neural network. So capsules are vector or what we can say an element vector or what we can say an element vector or what we can say an element with a size and a direction specifying with a size and a direction specifying with a size and a direction specifying the features of the object and its the features of the object and its the features of the object and its likelihood. Now these features can be likelihood. Now these features can be likelihood. Now these features can be any of the instantiation parameters like any of the instantiation parameters like any of the instantiation parameters like the pose. We have the position, size, the pose. We have the position, size, the pose. We have the position, size, orientation, deformationation, velocity, orientation, deformationation, velocity, orientation, deformationation, velocity, the albido which is the light the albido which is the light the albido which is the light reflection, hue, texture and much more. reflection, hue, texture and much more. reflection, hue, texture and much more. A capsule can also specify its A capsule can also specify its A capsule can also specify its attributes like angle and size. So it attributes like angle and size. So it attributes like angle and size. So it can represent with the same genic can represent with the same genic can represent with the same genic information. Now just like a neural information. Now just like a neural information. Now just like a neural network has layers of neurons, a capsule network has layers of neurons, a capsule network has layers of neurons, a capsule network can have layers capsules. So network can have layers capsules. So network can have layers capsules. So there could be hair capsules there could be hair capsules there could be hair capsules representing the group of objects or the representing the group of objects or the representing the group of objects or the capsules below them. Now this helps in capsules below them. Now this helps in capsules below them. Now this helps in getting deeper knowledge of a particular getting deeper knowledge of a particular getting deeper knowledge of a particular object or a particular data set and object or a particular data set and object or a particular data set and having the knowledge from different having the knowledge from different having the knowledge from different aspects or different angles. So the next aspects or different angles. So the next aspects or different angles. So the next question arises is explain autoenccoders question arises is explain autoenccoders question arises is explain autoenccoders and its uses. So an autoenccoder neural and its uses. So an autoenccoder neural and its uses. So an autoenccoder neural networks is an unsupervised machine networks is an unsupervised machine networks is an unsupervised machine learning algorithm that applies the back learning algorithm that applies the back learning algorithm that applies the back propagation setting the target values to propagation setting the target values to propagation setting the target values to be equal to the inputs. So autoenccoders be equal to the inputs. So autoenccoders be equal to the inputs. So autoenccoders are used to reduce the size of our are used to reduce the size of our are used to reduce the size of our inputs into smaller representation and inputs into smaller representation and inputs into smaller representation and if anyone needs the original data they if anyone needs the original data they if anyone needs the original data they can reconstruct it from the compressed can reconstruct it from the compressed can reconstruct it from the compressed data. Now one might ask the question how data. Now one might ask the question how data. Now one might ask the question how does autoenccoder differ from PCA? So an does autoenccoder differ from PCA? So an does autoenccoder differ from PCA? So an autoenccoder can learn from nonlinear autoenccoder can learn from nonlinear autoenccoder can learn from nonlinear transformation with a nonlinear transformation with a nonlinear transformation with a nonlinear activation function and multiple layer. activation function and multiple layer. activation function and multiple layer. It does not have to learn tense layers. It does not have to learn tense layers. It does not have to learn tense layers. It can use convolution layers to learn It can use convolution layers to learn It can use convolution layers to learn which is better for video image and which is better for video image and which is better for video image and series data. It is more efficient to series data. It is more efficient to series data. It is more efficient to learn several layers with an learn several layers with an learn several layers with an autoenccoder rather than learn one huge autoenccoder rather than learn one huge autoenccoder rather than learn one huge transformation with the PCA. An transformation with the PCA. An transformation with the PCA. An autoenccoder provides a representation autoenccoder provides a representation autoenccoder provides a representation of each layer as the output and can take of each layer as the output and can take of each layer as the output and can take the use of pre-trained layers from other the use of pre-trained layers from other the use of pre-trained layers from other model to apply transfer the learning to model to apply transfer the learning to model to apply transfer the learning to enhance the encoder or the decode. So enhance the encoder or the decode. So enhance the encoder or the decode. So these are few of the reasons why these are few of the reasons why these are few of the reasons why autoenccoders are better from PCA as we autoenccoders are better from PCA as we autoenccoders are better from PCA as we know both of them perform the same task know both of them perform the same task know both of them perform the same task which is mostly dimensionality which is mostly dimensionality which is mostly dimensionality reduction. Now give some real life reduction. Now give some real life reduction. Now give some real life examples where autoenccoders can be examples where autoenccoders can be examples where autoenccoders can be applied. So the first of all we talk applied. So the first of all we talk applied. So the first of all we talk about dimensionality reduction or the about dimensionality reduction or the about dimensionality reduction or the first thing that should pop up in your first thing that should pop up in your first thing that should pop up in your mind is dimensionality reduction. So the mind is dimensionality reduction. So the mind is dimensionality reduction. So the recrossected image is the same as our recrossected image is the same as our recrossected image is the same as our input image but with reduced dimensions. input image but with reduced dimensions. input image but with reduced dimensions. Now it helps in providing similar image Now it helps in providing similar image Now it helps in providing similar image with reduced pixel value and it can be with reduced pixel value and it can be with reduced pixel value and it can be used in various areas where we have used in various areas where we have used in various areas where we have limited storage or we have limited limited storage or we have limited limited storage or we have limited processing power. So when there is a processing power. So when there is a processing power. So when there is a high input or an image or a data with high input or an image or a data with high input or an image or a data with high dimension or which has higher high dimension or which has higher high dimension or which has higher values pixel values it can compress and values pixel values it can compress and values pixel values it can compress and provide the same image with a lower provide the same image with a lower provide the same image with a lower pixel value. Right? Or colors are used pixel value. Right? Or colors are used pixel value. Right? Or colors are used for converting any black and white for converting any black and white for converting any black and white picture into a colored image. Believe it picture into a colored image. Believe it picture into a colored image. Believe it or not and depending on what is in the or not and depending on what is in the or not and depending on what is in the picture it is possible to tell what the picture it is possible to tell what the picture it is possible to tell what the color should be. Now feature variation. color should be. Now feature variation. color should be. Now feature variation. If we talk about feature variation, it If we talk about feature variation, it If we talk about feature variation, it attracts only the required features of attracts only the required features of attracts only the required features of an image and generates the output by an image and generates the output by an image and generates the output by removing any unnecessary noise or removing any unnecessary noise or removing any unnecessary noise or unnecessary interruption. And if we talk unnecessary interruption. And if we talk unnecessary interruption. And if we talk about dnoising image, the input seen by about dnoising image, the input seen by about dnoising image, the input seen by an autoenccoder is not the raw input but an autoenccoder is not the raw input but an autoenccoder is not the raw input but a stochastically corrupted version. A a stochastically corrupted version. A a stochastically corrupted version. A dinoising autoenccoder is thus trained dinoising autoenccoder is thus trained dinoising autoenccoder is thus trained to reconstruct the original input from to reconstruct the original input from to reconstruct the original input from the noisy version. Now talking about the noisy version. Now talking about the noisy version. Now talking about autoenccoders, one might ask about the autoenccoders, one might ask about the autoenccoders, one might ask about the different layers of the autoenccoders. different layers of the autoenccoders. different layers of the autoenccoders. So basically an autoenccoder consists of So basically an autoenccoder consists of So basically an autoenccoder consists of three layers which is the encoder, we three layers which is the encoder, we three layers which is the encoder, we have the code and the decoder which have the code and the decoder which have the code and the decoder which brings us to the next question explain brings us to the next question explain brings us to the next question explain the architecture of an autoenccoder. If the architecture of an autoenccoder. If the architecture of an autoenccoder. If you talk about the three layers which you talk about the three layers which you talk about the three layers which are encoder, code and decoder. So if we are encoder, code and decoder. So if we are encoder, code and decoder. So if we talk about encoder this part of the talk about encoder this part of the talk about encoder this part of the network compresses the input into a network compresses the input into a network compresses the input into a latent space representation. Now the latent space representation. Now the latent space representation. Now the encoder layer encodes the input images encoder layer encodes the input images encoder layer encodes the input images as a compressed representation in a as a compressed representation in a as a compressed representation in a reduced dimension and the compressed reduced dimension and the compressed reduced dimension and the compressed image is the distorted version of the image is the distorted version of the image is the distorted version of the original image. Now coming to the middle original image. Now coming to the middle original image. Now coming to the middle part which is the code. So this part of part which is the code. So this part of part which is the code. So this part of the network represents the compressed the network represents the compressed the network represents the compressed input which is fed to the decoder is input which is fed to the decoder is input which is fed to the decoder is basically the channel. And if you talk basically the channel. And if you talk basically the channel. And if you talk about decoder, this layer decodes the about decoder, this layer decodes the about decoder, this layer decodes the encoded image back into the original encoded image back into the original encoded image back into the original dimension. And the decoded image is a dimension. And the decoded image is a dimension. And the decoded image is a lossy reconstruction of the original lossy reconstruction of the original lossy reconstruction of the original image and it's reconstructed from the image and it's reconstructed from the image and it's reconstructed from the latent space representation. Now one latent space representation. Now one latent space representation. Now one might ask what exactly is bottleneck in might ask what exactly is bottleneck in might ask what exactly is bottleneck in an autoenccoder and why is it used. Now an autoenccoder and why is it used. Now an autoenccoder and why is it used. Now the layer between the encoder and the the layer between the encoder and the the layer between the encoder and the decoder that is the code is also known decoder that is the code is also known decoder that is the code is also known as bottleneck. So this is a as bottleneck. So this is a as bottleneck. So this is a well-designed approach to decide which well-designed approach to decide which well-designed approach to decide which aspect of the observed data are relevant aspect of the observed data are relevant aspect of the observed data are relevant information and what aspects can be information and what aspects can be information and what aspects can be discarded. It does this by balancing two discarded. It does this by balancing two discarded. It does this by balancing two criterias. The first the compactness of criterias. The first the compactness of criterias. The first the compactness of the representation measured as the the representation measured as the the representation measured as the compressibility and second it retains compressibility and second it retains compressibility and second it retains some behaviorally relevant variables some behaviorally relevant variables some behaviorally relevant variables from the input. Now one might ask are from the input. Now one might ask are from the input. Now one might ask are there any variation of autoenccoders? there any variation of autoenccoders? there any variation of autoenccoders? Surely there are. So there are Surely there are. So there are Surely there are. So there are conventional autoenccoders, we have conventional autoenccoders, we have conventional autoenccoders, we have sparse autoenccoders, we have deep sparse autoenccoders, we have deep sparse autoenccoders, we have deep autoenccoders, we have contractive autoenccoders, we have contractive autoenccoders, we have contractive autoenccoders. All of these autoenccoders. All of these autoenccoders. All of these autoenccoders have a different structure autoenccoders have a different structure autoenccoders have a different structure or the different code layer. If you talk or the different code layer. If you talk or the different code layer. If you talk about the convolutional autoenccoder, we about the convolutional autoenccoder, we about the convolutional autoenccoder, we have the convolutional CNN algorithm have the convolutional CNN algorithm have the convolutional CNN algorithm sort of structure in that particular sort of structure in that particular sort of structure in that particular autoenccoder with encoder in one side. autoenccoder with encoder in one side. autoenccoder with encoder in one side. We have the convolution layers, the ReLU We have the convolution layers, the ReLU We have the convolution layers, the ReLU layer, the pooling layer inside it and layer, the pooling layer inside it and layer, the pooling layer inside it and then finally we have the decoding layer. then finally we have the decoding layer. then finally we have the decoding layer. So another question what might pop into So another question what might pop into So another question what might pop into the interviewer's mind is what are deep the interviewer's mind is what are deep the interviewer's mind is what are deep autoenccoders? So the extension of autoenccoders? So the extension of autoenccoders? So the extension of simple autoenccoders is a deep simple autoenccoders is a deep simple autoenccoders is a deep autoenccoders. The first layer of the autoenccoders. The first layer of the autoenccoders. The first layer of the deep autoenccoders is used for first deep autoenccoders is used for first deep autoenccoders is used for first order features in the raw input. Now the order features in the raw input. Now the order features in the raw input. Now the second layer is used for second order second layer is used for second order second layer is used for second order features corresponding to the patterns features corresponding to the patterns features corresponding to the patterns in the appearance of the first order in the appearance of the first order in the appearance of the first order features. So the deeper layers of the features. So the deeper layers of the features. So the deeper layers of the deep autoenccoders tend to learn even deep autoenccoders tend to learn even deep autoenccoders tend to learn even higher order features. So a deep higher order features. So a deep higher order features. So a deep autoenccoders is composed of two autoenccoders is composed of two autoenccoders is composed of two symmetrical deep belief networks. first symmetrical deep belief networks. first symmetrical deep belief networks. first four or five shallow layers representing four or five shallow layers representing four or five shallow layers representing the encoding half of the net and the the encoding half of the net and the the encoding half of the net and the second set of four or five layers that second set of four or five layers that second set of four or five layers that make up the decoding half. Interesting, make up the decoding half. Interesting, make up the decoding half. Interesting, right? So another important topic in right? So another important topic in right? So another important topic in deep learning are the restricted bolton deep learning are the restricted bolton deep learning are the restricted bolton machines. So one might ask what exactly machines. So one might ask what exactly machines. So one might ask what exactly is an RBM or restricted W machine. So, is an RBM or restricted W machine. So, is an RBM or restricted W machine. So, RBM is an undirected graphical model RBM is an undirected graphical model RBM is an undirected graphical model that plays a major role in deep learning that plays a major role in deep learning that plays a major role in deep learning framework in recent times and it is an framework in recent times and it is an framework in recent times and it is an algorithm which is used for algorithm which is used for algorithm which is used for dimensionality reduction. Not only that, dimensionality reduction. Not only that, dimensionality reduction. Not only that, it is used for classification, it is used for classification, it is used for classification, regression, collaborating, filtering, regression, collaborating, filtering, regression, collaborating, filtering, feature learning and topic modeling. So, feature learning and topic modeling. So, feature learning and topic modeling. So, when we talk about RBM being useful for when we talk about RBM being useful for when we talk about RBM being useful for dimensionality reduction, another dimensionality reduction, another dimensionality reduction, another question might arise is how does RBM question might arise is how does RBM question might arise is how does RBM differ from the autoenccoders. So differ from the autoenccoders. So differ from the autoenccoders. So autoenccoders is a simple three-layer autoenccoders is a simple three-layer autoenccoders is a simple three-layer neural network where output units are neural network where output units are neural network where output units are directly connected back to the input directly connected back to the input directly connected back to the input units. Typically the number of hidden units. Typically the number of hidden units. Typically the number of hidden units is much less than the number of units is much less than the number of units is much less than the number of visible ones and the task of training is visible ones and the task of training is visible ones and the task of training is to minimize an error or the to minimize an error or the to minimize an error or the reconstruction that is find the most reconstruction that is find the most reconstruction that is find the most efficient compact representation for the efficient compact representation for the efficient compact representation for the input data. So RBM shared a similar idea input data. So RBM shared a similar idea input data. So RBM shared a similar idea but it uses stochastic units with but it uses stochastic units with but it uses stochastic units with particular distribution instead of particular distribution instead of particular distribution instead of deterministic distribution. The task of deterministic distribution. The task of deterministic distribution. The task of our training is to find out how these our training is to find out how these our training is to find out how these two set of variables are actually two set of variables are actually two set of variables are actually connected to each other. One aspect that connected to each other. One aspect that connected to each other. One aspect that distinguishes RBM from the autoenccoders distinguishes RBM from the autoenccoders distinguishes RBM from the autoenccoders is that it has two biases. The hidden is that it has two biases. The hidden is that it has two biases. The hidden bias helps the RBM produce the bias helps the RBM produce the bias helps the RBM produce the activations on the forward pass while activations on the forward pass while activations on the forward pass while the visible layer biases help the RBM the visible layer biases help the RBM the visible layer biases help the RBM learn the reconstruction on the backward learn the reconstruction on the backward learn the reconstruction on the backward pass. Now this brings us to the final pass. Now this brings us to the final pass. Now this brings us to the final questions of our deep learning interview questions of our deep learning interview questions of our deep learning interview is that what are some limitations of is that what are some limitations of is that what are some limitations of deep learning? I bet you weren't deep learning? I bet you weren't deep learning? I bet you weren't thinking of this one but there are some thinking of this one but there are some thinking of this one but there are some limitations. So deep learning usually limitations. So deep learning usually limitations. So deep learning usually requires large amounts of training data requires large amounts of training data requires large amounts of training data and deep neural networks are easily and deep neural networks are easily and deep neural networks are easily fooled. Now the success of deep learning fooled. Now the success of deep learning fooled. Now the success of deep learning are purely imperial. Deep learning are purely imperial. Deep learning are purely imperial. Deep learning algorithms have been criticized as algorithms have been criticized as algorithms have been criticized as uninterpretable black boxes because one uninterpretable black boxes because one uninterpretable black boxes because one important thing about deep learning is important thing about deep learning is important thing about deep learning is that you do not specify what you are that you do not specify what you are that you do not specify what you are looking for right the algorithm learns looking for right the algorithm learns looking for right the algorithm learns on its own. So that is one of the on its own. So that is one of the on its own. So that is one of the shortcomings of deep learning and deep shortcomings of deep learning and deep shortcomings of deep learning and deep learning thus far has not been well learning thus far has not been well learning thus far has not been well integrated with prior knowledge. So a integrated with prior knowledge. So a integrated with prior knowledge. So a lot of people still don't feel it as a lot of people still don't feel it as a lot of people still don't feel it as a way to solve their problem as a way to way to solve their problem as a way to way to solve their problem as a way to approach to their problems because a lot approach to their problems because a lot approach to their problems because a lot of people don't understand what exactly of people don't understand what exactly of people don't understand what exactly is deep learning how it works how to is deep learning how it works how to is deep learning how it works how to initialize all of the variables which initialize all of the variables which initialize all of the variables which are the hyperparameters per se. These are the hyperparameters per se. These are the hyperparameters per se. These all things are some limitations of deep all things are some limitations of deep all things are some limitations of deep learning as of now. And we hope by the learning as of now. And we hope by the learning as of now. And we hope by the time technology advances, people get to time technology advances, people get to time technology advances, people get to know more about what deep learning is, know more about what deep learning is, know more about what deep learning is, how artificial intelligence can be how artificial intelligence can be how artificial intelligence can be achieved through deep learning. They'll achieved through deep learning. They'll achieved through deep learning. They'll be more open to this and all of these be more open to this and all of these be more open to this and all of these limitations will be laid off. So guys uh limitations will be laid off. So guys uh limitations will be laid off. So guys uh that's it from my side and I hope you that's it from my side and I hope you that's it from my side and I hope you got to know a lot about deep learning got to know a lot about deep learning got to know a lot about deep learning interview questions which might help you interview questions which might help you interview questions which might help you in cracking the interviews and landing a in cracking the interviews and landing a in cracking the interviews and landing a great job as data scientists, machine great job as data scientists, machine great job as data scientists, machine learning engineers or artificial learning engineers or artificial learning engineers or artificial intelligence engineers as a matter of intelligence engineers as a matter of intelligence engineers as a matter of fact. And one important thing what I fact. And one important thing what I fact. And one important thing what I would like to say is that data scientist would like to say is that data scientist would like to say is that data scientist role are somewhat you know industry role are somewhat you know industry role are somewhat you know industry specific or I would say if you are specific or I would say if you are specific or I would say if you are working in healthcare you should know working in healthcare you should know working in healthcare you should know about healthcare industry too rather about healthcare industry too rather about healthcare industry too rather than just knowing about the datas and than just knowing about the datas and than just knowing about the datas and the numbers. So if you're working in the numbers. So if you're working in the numbers. So if you're working in suppose imagery so you should know about suppose imagery so you should know about suppose imagery so you should know about images you should know what you're images you should know what you're images you should know what you're dealing with. So a good knowledge of the dealing with. So a good knowledge of the dealing with. So a good knowledge of the particular industry which you're working particular industry which you're working particular industry which you're working for will also provide you a great for will also provide you a great for will also provide you a great advantage over other competitors and advantage over other competitors and advantage over other competitors and since you know a lot of these stuff with since you know a lot of these stuff with since you know a lot of these stuff with this video I'm sure you might be able to this video I'm sure you might be able to this video I'm sure you might be able to land a job a great job in any of these land a job a great job in any of these land a job a great job in any of these industries industries industries this we have come to an end to this full this we have come to an end to this full this we have come to an end to this full course on NLP if you enjoy course on NLP if you enjoy course on NLP if you enjoy listen to like it and you can comment on listen to like it and you can comment on listen to like it and you can comment on any of your doubts and queries we will any of your doubts and queries we will any of your doubts and queries we will reply to them at the earliest and do reply to them at the earliest and do reply to them at the earliest and do look up for more videos and playlist and look up for more videos and playlist and look up for more videos and playlist and subscribe to Edora's YouTube channel to subscribe to Edora's YouTube channel to subscribe to Edora's YouTube channel to learn more. Thank you for watching and learn more. Thank you for watching and learn more. Thank you for watching and happy learning.
