Hi everyone, thank you for joining the Hi everyone, thank you for joining the Hi everyone, thank you for joining the video today. Today we are going to see a video today. Today we are going to see a video today. Today we are going to see a live demo about QS workflow LLM council live demo about QS workflow LLM council live demo about QS workflow LLM council uh experiment. So before that let me uh experiment. So before that let me uh experiment. So before that let me give you a high level context before you give you a high level context before you give you a high level context before you uh see the demo. It's important to uh see the demo. It's important to uh see the demo. It's important to understand the context what we are going understand the context what we are going understand the context what we are going to do. So let me switch the screen. to do. So let me switch the screen. to do. So let me switch the screen. Okay. Uh I think I have posted a demo Okay. Uh I think I have posted a demo Okay. Uh I think I have posted a demo like a short demo before but I have uh like a short demo before but I have uh like a short demo before but I have uh done some few changes here. I have added done some few changes here. I have added done some few changes here. I have added stage zero and stage six here. So just stage zero and stage six here. So just stage zero and stage six here. So just to simulate a real workflow. Okay. So to simulate a real workflow. Okay. So to simulate a real workflow. Okay. So one thing I wanted to notice. Okay. I one thing I wanted to notice. Okay. I one thing I wanted to notice. Okay. I wanted to tell you uh this this is the wanted to tell you uh this this is the wanted to tell you uh this this is the demos guys are the general framing. demos guys are the general framing. demos guys are the general framing. Okay. Every companies they might have Okay. Every companies they might have Okay. Every companies they might have some different different in between some different different in between some different different in between stages and tasks. Okay. So this is the stages and tasks. Okay. So this is the stages and tasks. Okay. So this is the highle framing. So this is the aonus highle framing. So this is the aonus highle framing. So this is the aonus step right. Don't worry if you have step right. Don't worry if you have step right. Don't worry if you have another like a simple steps in between another like a simple steps in between another like a simple steps in between right domain related. We will uh discuss right domain related. We will uh discuss right domain related. We will uh discuss that later as a stage two. Okay. So we that later as a stage two. Okay. So we that later as a stage two. Okay. So we are not going to discuss anything about are not going to discuss anything about are not going to discuss anything about output discussions, right? Is that output discussions, right? Is that output discussions, right? Is that correct or uh how does the output look correct or uh how does the output look correct or uh how does the output look like? Is it validated or something like like? Is it validated or something like like? Is it validated or something like that? That's not the goal here. The goal that? That's not the goal here. The goal that? That's not the goal here. The goal is to understand we can do the is to understand we can do the is to understand we can do the automation. Okay, that's how it works. automation. Okay, that's how it works. automation. Okay, that's how it works. As a stage two, we will uh see the AI As a stage two, we will uh see the AI As a stage two, we will uh see the AI output analysis deep dive. Okay. So now output analysis deep dive. Okay. So now output analysis deep dive. Okay. So now before in my uh demo what I have done is before in my uh demo what I have done is before in my uh demo what I have done is from stage one to stage five. So one of from stage one to stage five. So one of from stage one to stage five. So one of the senior QS uh has publicly commented the senior QS uh has publicly commented the senior QS uh has publicly commented that some of the comments uh I will show that some of the comments uh I will show that some of the comments uh I will show you uh you uh you uh here. So then uh in my video in my demo here. So then uh in my video in my demo here. So then uh in my video in my demo that he said you can't prepare a BOQ that he said you can't prepare a BOQ that he said you can't prepare a BOQ purely from BIM. The model is never purely from BIM. The model is never purely from BIM. The model is never complete. So uh if you look at this one complete. So uh if you look at this one complete. So uh if you look at this one so from stage one to stage two from BOQ so from stage one to stage two from BOQ so from stage one to stage two from BOQ uh right BIM 3D input file IFC file we uh right BIM 3D input file IFC file we uh right BIM 3D input file IFC file we are going to get the BOQ so he's saying are going to get the BOQ so he's saying are going to get the BOQ so he's saying you can't purely get the BOQ from the you can't purely get the BOQ from the you can't purely get the BOQ from the BIM right there are pre-checks and all BIM right there are pre-checks and all BIM right there are pre-checks and all those things right so that's what again those things right so that's what again those things right so that's what again we are just showing as a stage one the we are just showing as a stage one the we are just showing as a stage one the AI automation okay not deep dive as an AI automation okay not deep dive as an AI automation okay not deep dive as an enterprise AI production grade workflow enterprise AI production grade workflow enterprise AI production grade workflow right that's a stage two so for his right that's a stage two so for his right that's a stage two so for his questions right there is a model questions right there is a model questions right there is a model currency check is there right domain currency check is there right domain currency check is there right domain people they know okay see when was the people they know okay see when was the people they know okay see when was the model last updated tailload status right model last updated tailload status right model last updated tailload status right model correctly those are the things model correctly those are the things model correctly those are the things there are several things you need to there are several things you need to there are several things you need to check okay so that's the stage one stage check okay so that's the stage one stage check okay so that's the stage one stage zero then we have a 3D beam model uh IFC zero then we have a 3D beam model uh IFC zero then we have a 3D beam model uh IFC extension file with us. I'm going to extension file with us. I'm going to extension file with us. I'm going to show you from there we are going to show you from there we are going to show you from there we are going to extract BOQ extract BOQ extract BOQ and then from the BOQ as normally we do and then from the BOQ as normally we do and then from the BOQ as normally we do at office right we may have some errors at office right we may have some errors at office right we may have some errors if there is a human does or senior Q or if there is a human does or senior Q or if there is a human does or senior Q or junior QS there may be some errors it junior QS there may be some errors it junior QS there may be some errors it will go to the officer senior Qers will go to the officer senior Qers will go to the officer senior Qers project manager commercial manager and project manager commercial manager and project manager commercial manager and then they will review they will send you then they will review they will send you then they will review they will send you back okay these are the errors these are back okay these are the errors these are back okay these are the errors these are the mistakes that you have done right the mistakes that you have done right the mistakes that you have done right rectify and uh give it back something rectify and uh give it back something rectify and uh give it back something like that there's a discussion going on like that there's a discussion going on like that there's a discussion going on then finally you will get good output. then finally you will get good output. then finally you will get good output. Okay. So that's the thing we are going Okay. So that's the thing we are going Okay. So that's the thing we are going to do with the AI that we are call it as to do with the AI that we are call it as to do with the AI that we are call it as a LLM council large language model a LLM council large language model a LLM council large language model council. We are going to use like three council. We are going to use like three council. We are going to use like three separate AIs like your office to do two separate AIs like your office to do two separate AIs like your office to do two three different uh works parallelly for three different uh works parallelly for three different uh works parallelly for the BQ and then we are going to give it the BQ and then we are going to give it the BQ and then we are going to give it to another AI. He will act like your to another AI. He will act like your to another AI. He will act like your project manager. We call it as a project manager. We call it as a project manager. We call it as a chairman because it's we are calling as chairman because it's we are calling as chairman because it's we are calling as LLM council. Then the chairman will LLM council. Then the chairman will LLM council. Then the chairman will decide uh by looking at your all three decide uh by looking at your all three decide uh by looking at your all three AI's response and then from there uh he AI's response and then from there uh he AI's response and then from there uh he will uh the chairman will build the risk will uh the chairman will build the risk will uh the chairman will build the risk report register plus quantitative risk report register plus quantitative risk report register plus quantitative risk analysis also stage six also I have analysis also stage six also I have analysis also stage six also I have added just to simulate like a real added just to simulate like a real added just to simulate like a real workflow. Okay. workflow. Okay. workflow. Okay. So now this is a high level guys. So So now this is a high level guys. So So now this is a high level guys. So model currency check we have a 3D input model currency check we have a 3D input model currency check we have a 3D input file. From there we are going to get the file. From there we are going to get the file. From there we are going to get the uh BOQ. The BOQ we are going to send it uh BOQ. The BOQ we are going to send it uh BOQ. The BOQ we are going to send it to three AIS to work in a three areas to three AIS to work in a three areas to three AIS to work in a three areas quantitative quantity audit benchmark quantitative quantity audit benchmark quantitative quantity audit benchmark and contract analysis and then uh those and contract analysis and then uh those and contract analysis and then uh those three responses we are going to give it three responses we are going to give it three responses we are going to give it to chairman to uh get a final decision to chairman to uh get a final decision to chairman to uh get a final decision uh call and then he will make a report uh call and then he will make a report uh call and then he will make a report with that report uh we are going to ask with that report uh we are going to ask with that report uh we are going to ask the chairman uh to build the risk report the chairman uh to build the risk report the chairman uh to build the risk report plus register and also from their QR plus register and also from their QR plus register and also from their QR risk register. Okay, these are the stage risk register. Okay, these are the stage risk register. Okay, these are the stage six simulation of your QS workflow. Now six simulation of your QS workflow. Now six simulation of your QS workflow. Now I hope you understand this one. Let me I hope you understand this one. Let me I hope you understand this one. Let me quickly show you this uh questions quickly show you this uh questions quickly show you this uh questions again. One, you can't prepare a B purely again. One, you can't prepare a B purely again. One, you can't prepare a B purely from BIM. The model is never complete. from BIM. The model is never complete. from BIM. The model is never complete. He is correct. Okay. So now again we are He is correct. Okay. So now again we are He is correct. Okay. So now again we are going to uh discuss the aonus only not going to uh discuss the aonus only not going to uh discuss the aonus only not deep dive on the real workflow right deep dive on the real workflow right deep dive on the real workflow right it's depend on the companies to it's depend on the companies to it's depend on the companies to companies we can only build a highle companies we can only build a highle companies we can only build a highle framing but based on your company or framing but based on your company or framing but based on your company or based on your like a structure workflow based on your like a structure workflow based on your like a structure workflow we can justify or adjust later okay we can justify or adjust later okay we can justify or adjust later okay beam models in real projects are never beam models in real projects are never beam models in real projects are never 100% update even the middle east 100% update even the middle east 100% update even the middle east completely true right that's exactly why completely true right that's exactly why completely true right that's exactly why stage zero is exist okay model currency stage zero is exist okay model currency stage zero is exist okay model currency before any extraction runs the script before any extraction runs the script before any extraction runs the script checks right model data I will show you checks right model data I will show you checks right model data I will show you in the script okay we can include in the in the script okay we can include in the in the script okay we can include in the script to check all those things like lo script to check all those things like lo script to check all those things like lo level MEP status design phrase all of level MEP status design phrase all of level MEP status design phrase all of that right domain people they know but that right domain people they know but that right domain people they know but don't worry about uh these kind of don't worry about uh these kind of don't worry about uh these kind of things at this stage that's a stage two things at this stage that's a stage two things at this stage that's a stage two how do you proper risk analysis using how do you proper risk analysis using how do you proper risk analysis using just a BQ risk analysis from a BOQ it's just a BQ risk analysis from a BOQ it's just a BQ risk analysis from a BOQ it's a standard QS practice guys right the a standard QS practice guys right the a standard QS practice guys right the demo goes further it's generated a QR demo goes further it's generated a QR demo goes further it's generated a QR ready register with min ML write MX cost ready register with min ML write MX cost ready register with min ML write MX cost columns there are three uh there are the columns there are three uh there are the columns there are three uh there are the P3 inputs from Monte Carlo simulation in P3 inputs from Monte Carlo simulation in P3 inputs from Monte Carlo simulation in at risk O primara risk analysis right at risk O primara risk analysis right at risk O primara risk analysis right that's the uh stage six okay so because that's the uh stage six okay so because that's the uh stage six okay so because I have added step zero in stage six at I have added step zero in stage six at I have added step zero in stage six at the uh start and at the end just to the uh start and at the end just to the uh start and at the end just to simulate uh your current workflow right simulate uh your current workflow right simulate uh your current workflow right so now you have understood now let's so now you have understood now let's so now you have understood now let's start with the experiment ment that's we start with the experiment ment that's we start with the experiment ment that's we are going to do what I'm going to show are going to do what I'm going to show are going to do what I'm going to show you is right I'm going to show you the you is right I'm going to show you the you is right I'm going to show you the 3D file then from the 3D file I'm going 3D file then from the 3D file I'm going 3D file then from the 3D file I'm going to run a script then it will to run a script then it will to run a script then it will automatically create extract the BOQ the automatically create extract the BOQ the automatically create extract the BOQ the BOQ I'm going to give you to this three BOQ I'm going to give you to this three BOQ I'm going to give you to this three AI and then chairman will do all those AI and then chairman will do all those AI and then chairman will do all those things I hope you understand the context things I hope you understand the context things I hope you understand the context if you don't just pause the video go if you don't just pause the video go if you don't just pause the video go back and understand uh to move to the back and understand uh to move to the back and understand uh to move to the next phase okay now with that next phase okay now with that next phase okay now with that understanding I want you to understanding I want you to understanding I want you to focus on this uh folder. Okay, I have a focus on this uh folder. Okay, I have a focus on this uh folder. Okay, I have a folder directory called LLM console folder directory called LLM console folder directory called LLM console demo. Right here you will see only two demo. Right here you will see only two demo. Right here you will see only two files I have. One is the C uh like a 3D files I have. One is the C uh like a 3D files I have. One is the C uh like a 3D BIM model file and the Python file. BIM model file and the Python file. BIM model file and the Python file. Right? That's all. There is no BOQ Excel Right? That's all. There is no BOQ Excel Right? That's all. There is no BOQ Excel here. You will see within 20 30 seconds here. You will see within 20 30 seconds here. You will see within 20 30 seconds the BOQ will get written here. Okay. So the BOQ will get written here. Okay. So the BOQ will get written here. Okay. So before that, let me show you uh the before that, let me show you uh the before that, let me show you uh the let me show you the 3D file I'm going to let me show you the 3D file I'm going to let me show you the 3D file I'm going to use. Guys, I don't have a uh Revit uh uh use. Guys, I don't have a uh Revit uh uh use. Guys, I don't have a uh Revit uh uh account setup, guys. I'm going to show account setup, guys. I'm going to show account setup, guys. I'm going to show you in the 3D viewer.net. You can uh you in the 3D viewer.net. You can uh you in the 3D viewer.net. You can uh import the uhc files uh here. So then this file guys uh this is the 3D So then this file guys uh this is the 3D So then this file guys uh this is the 3D uh like a uh like a uh like a input uh that I'm going to use, right? I input uh that I'm going to use, right? I input uh that I'm going to use, right? I let me show you sometimes system is slow guys there are sometimes system is slow guys there are sometimes system is slow guys there are the several softares is running here and the several softares is running here and the several softares is running here and there so be with me uh and then here uh there so be with me uh and then here uh there so be with me uh and then here uh what I'm going to what I'm going to what I'm going to show you is my IFC file is here only two show you is my IFC file is here only two show you is my IFC file is here only two files are there this a sample uh file files are there this a sample uh file files are there this a sample uh file guys I'm using right uh these are the guys I'm using right uh these are the guys I'm using right uh these are the seven story 1 2 3 4 5 6 seven story uh seven story 1 2 3 4 5 6 seven story uh seven story 1 2 3 4 5 6 seven story uh like seven floor building right windows like seven floor building right windows like seven floor building right windows and all those things like all properties and all those things like all properties and all those things like all properties like geometry dimensions all those like geometry dimensions all those like geometry dimensions all those things are like metadata is there okay things are like metadata is there okay things are like metadata is there okay from here we I'm going to get the bo from here we I'm going to get the bo from here we I'm going to get the bo right see this is the input file guys right see this is the input file guys right see this is the input file guys doc file I'm going to close this one doc file I'm going to close this one doc file I'm going to close this one right now you have understood where is right now you have understood where is right now you have understood where is the IFC 3D input is there right there is the IFC 3D input is there right there is the IFC 3D input is there right there is no bo here now I'm going to do a simple no bo here now I'm going to do a simple no bo here now I'm going to do a simple uh uh uh uh run here only one run Okay. To get uh run here only one run Okay. To get uh run here only one run Okay. To get the bo. Okay. You will see sometimes the bo. Okay. You will see sometimes the bo. Okay. You will see sometimes system is slow. Just bear with me. Okay. So you now see this is the 3D Okay. So you now see this is the 3D Okay. So you now see this is the 3D input I have shown you. There is no BOQ input I have shown you. There is no BOQ input I have shown you. There is no BOQ here in this folder. When I hit run, here in this folder. When I hit run, here in this folder. When I hit run, right, right, right, the model currency checks will uh the model currency checks will uh the model currency checks will uh happen, right? And then the BOQ will get happen, right? And then the BOQ will get happen, right? And then the BOQ will get returned. See, I think it's a fine returned. See, I think it's a fine returned. See, I think it's a fine second. Okay, I'm going to show you the second. Okay, I'm going to show you the second. Okay, I'm going to show you the autobio here. All things are done, autobio here. All things are done, autobio here. All things are done, right? Uh people who are interested in right? Uh people who are interested in right? Uh people who are interested in domain, you can like check. Okay. Uh domain, you can like check. Okay. Uh domain, you can like check. Okay. Uh state model currency check. Okay. When state model currency check. Okay. When state model currency check. Okay. When is the file updated, IFC created, all is the file updated, IFC created, all is the file updated, IFC created, all the organization, we can like a the organization, we can like a the organization, we can like a parameterize later for a real project parameterize later for a real project parameterize later for a real project that's I'm showing you that it can do that's I'm showing you that it can do that's I'm showing you that it can do everything guys. Level two right LOD everything guys. Level two right LOD everything guys. Level two right LOD checks right MEP model checks design checks right MEP model checks design checks right MEP model checks design free status right metadata confirmed all free status right metadata confirmed all free status right metadata confirmed all those things that will check okay then those things that will check okay then those things that will check okay then see there are warnings curtain ball not see there are warnings curtain ball not see there are warnings curtain ball not modeled must be added by QS okay windows modeled must be added by QS okay windows modeled must be added by QS okay windows not modeled must be added by QS ME not modeled must be added by QS ME not modeled must be added by QS ME sections not extracted right MEP not sections not extracted right MEP not sections not extracted right MEP not modeled so those are the issues it will modeled so those are the issues it will modeled so those are the issues it will flag okay flag okay flag okay from the 3D extraction completed right from the 3D extraction completed right from the 3D extraction completed right this is the BOQ incomplete guys right So this is the BOQ incomplete guys right So this is the BOQ incomplete guys right So it can have errors. Okay, that's why we it can have errors. Okay, that's why we it can have errors. Okay, that's why we are building LLM council like our real are building LLM council like our real are building LLM council like our real simulation of the workflow missing simulation of the workflow missing simulation of the workflow missing section all the and then B okay finally section all the and then B okay finally section all the and then B okay finally saved okay with that uh informations. So saved okay with that uh informations. So saved okay with that uh informations. So let me open the now let me close this let me open the now let me close this let me open the now let me close this one. We don't need that anymore within one. We don't need that anymore within one. We don't need that anymore within 20 seconds you get the autob here. Okay. 20 seconds you get the autob here. Okay. 20 seconds you get the autob here. Okay. From the 3D uh sevenstory From the 3D uh sevenstory From the 3D uh sevenstory uh uh uh building beam model, right? You will see building beam model, right? You will see building beam model, right? You will see the autobio prepared within 20 seconds. the autobio prepared within 20 seconds. the autobio prepared within 20 seconds. So, it's opening now. Right. See guys, 20 seconds. I run a Right. See guys, 20 seconds. I run a Right. See guys, 20 seconds. I run a simple Python script from a 3D input. I simple Python script from a 3D input. I simple Python script from a 3D input. I got the BQ. Okay. So let's assume it may got the BQ. Okay. So let's assume it may got the BQ. Okay. So let's assume it may have some errors. Okay. Quantity rate have some errors. Okay. Quantity rate have some errors. Okay. Quantity rate amount. It may have errors. Right? A I amount. It may have errors. Right? A I amount. It may have errors. Right? A I can make some errors. We can see later. can make some errors. We can see later. can make some errors. We can see later. Right? These see all QA flags are there. Right? These see all QA flags are there. Right? These see all QA flags are there. What sense like Windows not model this What sense like Windows not model this What sense like Windows not model this blah blah all those things are there. So blah blah all those things are there. So blah blah all those things are there. So now this is the BOQ 20 seconds we now this is the BOQ 20 seconds we now this is the BOQ 20 seconds we extracted from uh 3D. Then because of extracted from uh 3D. Then because of extracted from uh 3D. Then because of this assumption we are going to build a this assumption we are going to build a this assumption we are going to build a LLM council to carefully review and then LLM council to carefully review and then LLM council to carefully review and then finally give it to a chairman an AI and finally give it to a chairman an AI and finally give it to a chairman an AI and then from there we will do it. Okay. So then from there we will do it. Okay. So then from there we will do it. Okay. So that will flag every stage and then try that will flag every stage and then try that will flag every stage and then try to minimize all the errors and then to minimize all the errors and then to minimize all the errors and then finally output will be great uh when we finally output will be great uh when we finally output will be great uh when we are using like a count if you use like a are using like a count if you use like a are using like a count if you use like a one AI it may one AI it may one AI it may limit to its capability. Okay, that's limit to its capability. Okay, that's limit to its capability. Okay, that's why we are giving three three uh three why we are giving three three uh three why we are giving three three uh three four five AIS to review and then all four five AIS to review and then all four five AIS to review and then all those responses we'll give it to the those responses we'll give it to the those responses we'll give it to the chairman. Okay, so now you have you know chairman. Okay, so now you have you know chairman. Okay, so now you have you know bill of quantities. Now here let me bill of quantities. Now here let me bill of quantities. Now here let me close this one. Okay, so now close this one. Okay, so now close this one. Okay, so now uh up to this level we have completed. uh up to this level we have completed. uh up to this level we have completed. Okay, model currency check we have done Okay, model currency check we have done Okay, model currency check we have done uh 3D model uh input you have seen and uh 3D model uh input you have seen and uh 3D model uh input you have seen and then autob has been done within 20 then autob has been done within 20 then autob has been done within 20 seconds. Okay, stage two done. Now I'm seconds. Okay, stage two done. Now I'm seconds. Okay, stage two done. Now I'm moving to stage three. Okay. So what I'm moving to stage three. Okay. So what I'm moving to stage three. Okay. So what I'm going to do is for GPT4 this is from going to do is for GPT4 this is from going to do is for GPT4 this is from OpenAI, Gemini from Google, Clo from OpenAI, Gemini from Google, Clo from OpenAI, Gemini from Google, Clo from anthropic. I'm going to give three works anthropic. I'm going to give three works anthropic. I'm going to give three works using this BQ. Okay. So now using this BQ. Okay. So now using this BQ. Okay. So now uh uh uh these are the prompts guys I'm going to these are the prompts guys I'm going to these are the prompts guys I'm going to use. Okay, I already prepared uh people use. Okay, I already prepared uh people use. Okay, I already prepared uh people who needs just comment it out and then I who needs just comment it out and then I who needs just comment it out and then I can uh send you right. This is for the can uh send you right. This is for the can uh send you right. This is for the uh GPT. Okay, you are a senior quantity. uh GPT. Okay, you are a senior quantity. uh GPT. Okay, you are a senior quantity. Review the uploaded. There are three Review the uploaded. There are three Review the uploaded. There are three works I'm going to we are not going to works I'm going to we are not going to works I'm going to we are not going to deep dive in this one. The idea is that deep dive in this one. The idea is that deep dive in this one. The idea is that how AI works. Okay, not deep dive on the how AI works. Okay, not deep dive on the how AI works. Okay, not deep dive on the output and the prompts or something like output and the prompts or something like output and the prompts or something like that. Okay, it's a real simulation. And that. Okay, it's a real simulation. And that. Okay, it's a real simulation. And then I'm copy this one. The first one. then I'm copy this one. The first one. then I'm copy this one. The first one. This is the LLM council guys. Uh it's This is the LLM council guys. Uh it's This is the LLM council guys. Uh it's working for us. Okay. So I'm going to working for us. Okay. So I'm going to working for us. Okay. So I'm going to give the bo file first. System may slow give the bo file first. System may slow give the bo file first. System may slow guys but be with me. So I'm going to guys but be with me. So I'm going to guys but be with me. So I'm going to give the boke file right. and then it's give the boke file right. and then it's give the boke file right. and then it's attached then I'm going to give his work attached then I'm going to give his work attached then I'm going to give his work okay you are a senior quantity sur okay you are a senior quantity sur okay you are a senior quantity sur review the uploaded bo for an alan mixed review the uploaded bo for an alan mixed review the uploaded bo for an alan mixed use development cutter perform a use development cutter perform a use development cutter perform a detailed quantity audit okay that's the detailed quantity audit okay that's the detailed quantity audit okay that's the job I have given right there are some job I have given right there are some job I have given right there are some other informations let's hit run okay other informations let's hit run okay other informations let's hit run okay let him do the work and then now in the let him do the work and then now in the let him do the work and then now in the council I'm moving to Google Gemini so council I'm moving to Google Gemini so council I'm moving to Google Gemini so I'm going to give him another work I'm going to give him another work I'm going to give him another work okay now GP CPT will act like a senior okay now GP CPT will act like a senior okay now GP CPT will act like a senior quantity saver. Gemini will act like a quantity saver. Gemini will act like a quantity saver. Gemini will act like a cost consultant specialized. Okay. So cost consultant specialized. Okay. So cost consultant specialized. Okay. So then I have copied then here also I'm then I have copied then here also I'm then I have copied then here also I'm going to give the BOQ for the Google for the Google for the Google right let it get attached right let it get attached right let it get attached and then I'm going to give him the work and then I'm going to give him the work and then I'm going to give him the work as well. You are a senior cost analy as well. You are a senior cost analy as well. You are a senior cost analy using the GFA benchmark rate a blah blah using the GFA benchmark rate a blah blah using the GFA benchmark rate a blah blah all those things estimate expected. all those things estimate expected. all those things estimate expected. another work. Okay. So, let the Gemini another work. Okay. So, let the Gemini another work. Okay. So, let the Gemini do the work and then in the council we do the work and then in the council we do the work and then in the council we have Claude also. I'm going to give him have Claude also. I'm going to give him have Claude also. I'm going to give him another work parallelly. Everyone will another work parallelly. Everyone will another work parallelly. Everyone will do parallelly. Okay. So, see guys, you do parallelly. Okay. So, see guys, you do parallelly. Okay. So, see guys, you need to understand one point need to understand one point need to understand one point acceleration of your work right nothing acceleration of your work right nothing acceleration of your work right nothing else now at the moment accurate like else now at the moment accurate like else now at the moment accurate like deep analysis output analysis whether deep analysis output analysis whether deep analysis output analysis whether it's right or wrong second stage but see it's right or wrong second stage but see it's right or wrong second stage but see the acceleration. Okay. So this is the the acceleration. Okay. So this is the the acceleration. Okay. So this is the third work uh cloud will do for us. So third work uh cloud will do for us. So third work uh cloud will do for us. So let me give the BOQ as well. So sometimes system may slow guys there So sometimes system may slow guys there So sometimes system may slow guys there are several uh tabs and my recording are several uh tabs and my recording are several uh tabs and my recording software is also going on but just stay software is also going on but just stay software is also going on but just stay with me. I hope I wanted to understand with me. I hope I wanted to understand with me. I hope I wanted to understand the entire uh workflow. Stay with the the entire uh workflow. Stay with the the entire uh workflow. Stay with the video. Okay. So now I'm going to you are a fidic contract I'm going to you are a fidic contract I'm going to you are a fidic contract specialist. There are three words guys I specialist. There are three words guys I specialist. There are three words guys I have given proving the B before tender have given proving the B before tender have given proving the B before tender issue identify all correct level risk issue identify all correct level risk issue identify all correct level risk blah blah. Okay. So then now our council blah blah. Okay. So then now our council blah blah. Okay. So then now our council is working for us. Okay. This is the is working for us. Okay. This is the is working for us. Okay. This is the chairman. So So So GPD works right GPD works right GPD works right output has created output has created output has created Gemini works Gemini works Gemini works output has done. See how fast we can do output has done. See how fast we can do output has done. See how fast we can do our work guys. Okay. And then cloud is our work guys. Okay. And then cloud is our work guys. Okay. And then cloud is also working now as a three task. Okay. also working now as a three task. Okay. also working now as a three task. Okay. Now we have completed uh this stage Now we have completed uh this stage Now we have completed uh this stage three. Now I am moving to stage four three. Now I am moving to stage four three. Now I am moving to stage four guys. So what I'm going to do is in the guys. So what I'm going to do is in the guys. So what I'm going to do is in the stage four uh I am going to give okay stage four uh I am going to give okay stage four uh I am going to give okay I am going to give another prompt okay I am going to give another prompt okay I am going to give another prompt okay stay with me and stay with me and stay with me and look at carefully okay this is for the look at carefully okay this is for the look at carefully okay this is for the chairman right so let me copy that and chairman right so let me copy that and chairman right so let me copy that and then paste it uh somewhere in the word then paste it uh somewhere in the word then paste it uh somewhere in the word document right so let me zoom in then document right so let me zoom in then document right so let me zoom in then you can clearly understand okay so here you can clearly understand okay so here you can clearly understand okay so here guys you are the chairman of an AIQS guys you are the chairman of an AIQS guys you are the chairman of an AIQS review council. Below are the three review council. Below are the three review council. Below are the three independent expert reviews from GPT independent expert reviews from GPT independent expert reviews from GPT Gemini code of the same BOQ for Alryan Gemini code of the same BOQ for Alryan Gemini code of the same BOQ for Alryan mixed use development DHA produced by mixed use development DHA produced by mixed use development DHA produced by GPT4 Gemini and Clude respectively. You GPT4 Gemini and Clude respectively. You GPT4 Gemini and Clude respectively. You also know that all all three reviews also know that all all three reviews also know that all all three reviews missed preliminaries adequacy missed preliminaries adequacy missed preliminaries adequacy professional sums unit rate there are professional sums unit rate there are professional sums unit rate there are all these things and then the closes all these things and then the closes all these things and then the closes review one I'm going to give here review review one I'm going to give here review review one I'm going to give here review two here give review three here and then two here give review three here and then two here give review three here and then produce the final definitive risk report produce the final definitive risk report produce the final definitive risk report for the project director formal format for the project director formal format for the project director formal format exactly as follows okay executive exactly as follows okay executive exactly as follows okay executive summary three sentence top five risk summary three sentence top five risk summary three sentence top five risk item blah blah okay now I'm going item blah blah okay now I'm going item blah blah okay now I'm going paste the output here. Let me go to the paste the output here. Let me go to the paste the output here. Let me go to the console. Right. Let me copy this one. Right. Let me copy this one. Right. Let me copy this one. Our GPT. Let me copy this one. Okay. Just copy this one. What uh GP has done Just copy this one. What uh GP has done Just copy this one. What uh GP has done guys. and then uh before I'm giving it guys. and then uh before I'm giving it guys. and then uh before I'm giving it to chairman right this is one thing okay to chairman right this is one thing okay to chairman right this is one thing okay I'm going to copy I'm going to copy I'm going to copy right so then I'm going to give the right so then I'm going to give the right so then I'm going to give the Gemini review as well let me go here and then and then and then copy copy copy and then I'm going to paste here this is and then I'm going to paste here this is and then I'm going to paste here this is a review tool so to give it to chairman a review tool so to give it to chairman a review tool so to give it to chairman Guys, I'm preparing the prompt. Okay, Guys, I'm preparing the prompt. Okay, Guys, I'm preparing the prompt. Okay, so let it uh finish. Okay, that's done. so let it uh finish. Okay, that's done. so let it uh finish. Okay, that's done. And then review three from code. And then review three from code. And then review three from code. Okay, so then uh right Okay, so then uh right Okay, so then uh right clude is very powerful guys. So done. So clude is very powerful guys. So done. So clude is very powerful guys. So done. So then then then I'm going to give the three. Okay, so I'm going to give the three. Okay, so I'm going to give the three. Okay, so three AIS independently it works and it three AIS independently it works and it three AIS independently it works and it uh gives the output, right? And then uh gives the output, right? And then uh gives the output, right? And then uh uh uh our our our uh chairman's prompt is ready now. Okay, uh chairman's prompt is ready now. Okay, uh chairman's prompt is ready now. Okay, chairman's prompt is ready. What I'm chairman's prompt is ready. What I'm chairman's prompt is ready. What I'm going to do is I'm going to delete this going to do is I'm going to delete this going to do is I'm going to delete this one and then I'm going to cop select all one and then I'm going to cop select all one and then I'm going to cop select all copy and then this is the chairman guys. copy and then this is the chairman guys. copy and then this is the chairman guys. This is the chairman. Let me attach the This is the chairman. Let me attach the This is the chairman. Let me attach the bo as well for his reference. for his reference and then guys and then guys and then guys I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to uh give the prompt as well right uh give the prompt as well right uh give the prompt as well right so let me uh yeah prompt as well right so let me uh yeah prompt as well right so let me uh yeah prompt as well right now chairman someone will do the work. So we don't need this uh tabs anymore So we don't need this uh tabs anymore So we don't need this uh tabs anymore guys. I'm going to close it just to guys. I'm going to close it just to guys. I'm going to close it just to reduce the workload. Okay. So here let reduce the workload. Okay. So here let reduce the workload. Okay. So here let me close that one. Right. This is our me close that one. Right. This is our me close that one. Right. This is our chairman. Now chairman is working. Okay. chairman. Now chairman is working. Okay. chairman. Now chairman is working. Okay. So here what the chairman will do. So So here what the chairman will do. So So here what the chairman will do. So now you see the three model currency now you see the three model currency now you see the three model currency check model from there within 20 seconds check model from there within 20 seconds check model from there within 20 seconds we extract the BQ. Then we build the LLM we extract the BQ. Then we build the LLM we extract the BQ. Then we build the LLM council to work all those things from council to work all those things from council to work all those things from BOQ. Then we get all the responses and BOQ. Then we get all the responses and BOQ. Then we get all the responses and then we instruct the chairman to then we instruct the chairman to then we instruct the chairman to uh build the executive summary and then uh build the executive summary and then uh build the executive summary and then we are going to tell uh to build the we are going to tell uh to build the we are going to tell uh to build the risk report and then QR also at the now risk report and then QR also at the now risk report and then QR also at the now chairman is doing stage four now. chairman is doing stage four now. chairman is doing stage four now. So once the stage four is done So once the stage four is done So once the stage four is done guys this is what we are going to tell guys this is what we are going to tell guys this is what we are going to tell risk register right risk register right risk register right convert the report about into formal convert the report about into formal convert the report about into formal risk table with the these exact columns risk table with the these exact columns risk table with the these exact columns right don't worry about the details in right don't worry about the details in right don't worry about the details in detail about in with regards to domain detail about in with regards to domain detail about in with regards to domain we are not discussing that one I want to we are not discussing that one I want to we are not discussing that one I want to understand the workflow automation okay understand the workflow automation okay understand the workflow automation okay so now now let's see the chairman's work so now now let's see the chairman's work so now now let's see the chairman's work chairman is working right because I have chairman is working right because I have chairman is working right because I have given the BOQ and then I have given all given the BOQ and then I have given all given the BOQ and then I have given all of the uh three AI work right so he's of the uh three AI work right so he's of the uh three AI work right so he's reviewing it he's go to the BOQ file reviewing it he's go to the BOQ file reviewing it he's go to the BOQ file right right right and then this report will be ready uh in and then this report will be ready uh in and then this report will be ready uh in a minute okay a minute okay a minute okay so while it's working guys right so while it's working guys right so while it's working guys right so then uh so then uh so then uh this uh uh information I wanted to this uh uh information I wanted to this uh uh information I wanted to uh show you. So this is the highlight uh show you. So this is the highlight uh show you. So this is the highlight guys, right? LLM Council about this guys, right? LLM Council about this guys, right? LLM Council about this video. Okay, that's the good. See LLM Council guys, three real AIs, See LLM Council guys, three real AIs, See LLM Council guys, three real AIs, three browser types, three perspectives, three browser types, three perspectives, three browser types, three perspectives, GB4, Gemini, clude, quantity, quantity GB4, Gemini, clude, quantity, quantity GB4, Gemini, clude, quantity, quantity audit, check every line item against audit, check every line item against audit, check every line item against expected range, right? expected range, right? expected range, right? benchmark and completeness float benchmark and completeness float benchmark and completeness float contract and regal legal risk. Right? contract and regal legal risk. Right? contract and regal legal risk. Right? Expect this output from here. Expect Expect this output from here. Expect Expect this output from here. Expect this output from here. Check this out this output from here. Check this out this output from here. Check this out from here. Okay? Right? This is what we have done on Right? This is what we have done on Right? This is what we have done on stage four. stage four. stage four. Right? And chairman synthesis risk Right? And chairman synthesis risk Right? And chairman synthesis risk report risk register. Okay. So for his uh concern like one of the So for his uh concern like one of the So for his uh concern like one of the senior cues has pushed back. So we are senior cues has pushed back. So we are senior cues has pushed back. So we are addressing all those things right you addressing all those things right you addressing all those things right you can't prepare a bo purely from BIM is can't prepare a bo purely from BIM is can't prepare a bo purely from BIM is correct but I have demonstrated it okay correct but I have demonstrated it okay correct but I have demonstrated it okay model currency check BM models are BIM model currency check BM models are BIM model currency check BM models are BIM models are never 100% updated that's models are never 100% updated that's models are never 100% updated that's true that's why we are having a stage true that's why we are having a stage true that's why we are having a stage zero right in the real workflow how do zero right in the real workflow how do zero right in the real workflow how do you do risk analysis from just a BQ you do risk analysis from just a BQ you do risk analysis from just a BQ that's a standard methodology okay this that's a standard methodology okay this that's a standard methodology okay this is not how real QS work happens okay is not how real QS work happens okay is not how real QS work happens okay it's correct the demo shows the review it's correct the demo shows the review it's correct the demo shows the review layer missing from the current workloads layer missing from the current workloads layer missing from the current workloads not a replacement of costex oro manual not a replacement of costex oro manual not a replacement of costex oro manual measurement it's That's what nobody has. measurement it's That's what nobody has. measurement it's That's what nobody has. Okay. So, we have addressed all his Okay. So, we have addressed all his Okay. So, we have addressed all his concerns. Okay. So, now guys everybody concerns. Okay. So, now guys everybody concerns. Okay. So, now guys everybody will confuse. This is one thing that's will confuse. This is one thing that's will confuse. This is one thing that's my next video. This is not production my next video. This is not production my next video. This is not production grade yet. Okay. This is an aonous demo, grade yet. Okay. This is an aonous demo, grade yet. Okay. This is an aonous demo, right? It's you call it as a right? It's you call it as a right? It's you call it as a development. There are dev environment, development. There are dev environment, development. There are dev environment, UA acceptance environment, production UA acceptance environment, production UA acceptance environment, production environment. I'm going to release the environment. I'm going to release the environment. I'm going to release the video hopefully tomorrow day after video hopefully tomorrow day after video hopefully tomorrow day after tomorrow. Please subscribe the channel. tomorrow. Please subscribe the channel. tomorrow. Please subscribe the channel. Stay with me. Follow my Facebook page. Stay with me. Follow my Facebook page. Stay with me. Follow my Facebook page. you will get notifications right so that you will get notifications right so that you will get notifications right so that you will get understand now for a moment you will get understand now for a moment you will get understand now for a moment right let me brief uh you not production right let me brief uh you not production right let me brief uh you not production grade yet means this workflow guys when grade yet means this workflow guys when grade yet means this workflow guys when we put it to an enterprise level in your we put it to an enterprise level in your we put it to an enterprise level in your company to work there are other company to work there are other company to work there are other technical things like business technical things like business technical things like business side works are there to validate end to side works are there to validate end to side works are there to validate end to end right there are testing is there all end right there are testing is there all end right there are testing is there all those things are there don't go to that those things are there don't go to that those things are there don't go to that level at the moment at the moment right level at the moment at the moment right level at the moment at the moment right stage one clearly a bonus you are here stage one clearly a bonus you are here stage one clearly a bonus you are here this demo Okay, stage two is the real this demo Okay, stage two is the real this demo Okay, stage two is the real experiment guys. Use it on a real work. experiment guys. Use it on a real work. experiment guys. Use it on a real work. This BQ is correct. This amount is This BQ is correct. This amount is This BQ is correct. This amount is correct, right? This risk is correct, correct, right? This risk is correct, correct, right? This risk is correct, right? All the workflows are covered. right? All the workflows are covered. right? All the workflows are covered. All those that's a stage two. We are All those that's a stage two. We are All those that's a stage two. We are moving uh maybe uh very soon. Okay. Once moving uh maybe uh very soon. Okay. Once moving uh maybe uh very soon. Okay. Once once we complete the uh videos, we can once we complete the uh videos, we can once we complete the uh videos, we can move to experiment. Stage three is the move to experiment. Stage three is the move to experiment. Stage three is the production grade guys. Once we production grade guys. Once we production grade guys. Once we experiment and then we validate this AI experiment and then we validate this AI experiment and then we validate this AI and the output works technically plus uh and the output works technically plus uh and the output works technically plus uh business then business then business then we are fine to productionize the models we are fine to productionize the models we are fine to productionize the models right to work in the that's a uh right to work in the that's a uh right to work in the that's a uh different okay so now let me see still different okay so now let me see still different okay so now let me see still chairman is working right chairman has chairman is working right chairman has chairman is working right chairman has built the built the built the uh risk report okay you will see the uh risk report okay you will see the uh risk report okay you will see the risk report there is a formatting issue like report there is a formatting issue like report there is a formatting issue like report is done. So now I'm going to give him is done. So now I'm going to give him is done. So now I'm going to give him another work as the chairman because chairman has got as the chairman because chairman has got as the chairman because chairman has got the all the knowledge. Now convert this the all the knowledge. Now convert this the all the knowledge. Now convert this risk report above into a formal risk risk report above into a formal risk risk report above into a formal risk register table. Okay, let me hit that register table. Okay, let me hit that register table. Okay, let me hit that one. Okay, then I can uh copy to Excel. Okay, then I can uh copy to Excel. Okay, then I can uh copy to Excel. Right. Right. Right. And then after that one And then after that one And then after that one QR risk register quantity risk analysis QR risk register quantity risk analysis QR risk register quantity risk analysis right that's also we can build from here right that's also we can build from here right that's also we can build from here right stage six once he complete I'm right stage six once he complete I'm right stage six once he complete I'm going to instruct him chairman to build going to instruct him chairman to build going to instruct him chairman to build that one as well right it will take guys that one as well right it will take guys that one as well right it will take guys to do all those things I think maximum to do all those things I think maximum to do all those things I think maximum 10 to 20 minutes right entire month on 10 to 20 minutes right entire month on 10 to 20 minutes right entire month on month work teams can be uh automated month work teams can be uh automated month work teams can be uh automated okay that's the message I wanted to give okay that's the message I wanted to give okay that's the message I wanted to give you right AI is there AI is coming AI you right AI is there AI is coming AI you right AI is there AI is coming AI disruption is in all domains okay so now disruption is in all domains okay so now disruption is in all domains okay so now we have to get ready for that one people we have to get ready for that one people we have to get ready for that one people who criticize AI they are also using AI who criticize AI they are also using AI who criticize AI they are also using AI and criticize okay so don't worry about and criticize okay so don't worry about and criticize okay so don't worry about the criticisms conversations we need to the criticisms conversations we need to the criticisms conversations we need to welcome the conversations only uh welcome the conversations only uh welcome the conversations only uh productive healthy conversations okay we productive healthy conversations okay we productive healthy conversations okay we can learn together we are all our can learn together we are all our can learn together we are all our students no one uh uh right knows students no one uh uh right knows students no one uh uh right knows everything okay we are win- to- win everything okay we are win- to- win everything okay we are win- to- win situation so you guys are domain expert situation so you guys are domain expert situation so you guys are domain expert I am sharing my AI knowledge you will uh I am sharing my AI knowledge you will uh I am sharing my AI knowledge you will uh bring your conversation from the domain bring your conversation from the domain bring your conversation from the domain we can build together we can build we can build together we can build we can build together we can build together right and a nice uh product together right and a nice uh product together right and a nice uh product okay that's the goal so still it's okay that's the goal so still it's okay that's the goal so still it's working uh to build the uh risk report a working uh to build the uh risk report a working uh to build the uh risk report a formal risk register from uh risk report formal risk register from uh risk report formal risk register from uh risk report guys let it run for a while until he guys let it run for a while until he guys let it run for a while until he finishes this. So guys, I wanted to show you the one So guys, I wanted to show you the one So guys, I wanted to show you the one more more more thing. So guys, see we are the QS industry So guys, see we are the QS industry So guys, see we are the QS industry today. Okay, the measurement problem is today. Okay, the measurement problem is today. Okay, the measurement problem is solved. The review problem is not. Okay, solved. The review problem is not. Okay, solved. The review problem is not. Okay, so LLM council guys, nobody's using it. so LLM council guys, nobody's using it. so LLM council guys, nobody's using it. Okay, current workflow, right? BIM model Okay, current workflow, right? BIM model Okay, current workflow, right? BIM model created in Revit right post X Revit QS created in Revit right post X Revit QS created in Revit right post X Revit QS validates missing items edited manually validates missing items edited manually validates missing items edited manually EBO key issued for tender right yeah it EBO key issued for tender right yeah it EBO key issued for tender right yeah it breaks down sometimes for this level breaks down sometimes for this level breaks down sometimes for this level model is never 100% correct okay LOD model is never 100% correct okay LOD model is never 100% correct okay LOD gaps are there extraction only captures gaps are there extraction only captures gaps are there extraction only captures what was modeled right if you don't what was modeled right if you don't what was modeled right if you don't model the ME or something it won't model the ME or something it won't model the ME or something it won't capture okay that is not there so we capture okay that is not there so we capture okay that is not there so we need to flag that one as well time need to flag that one as well time need to flag that one as well time pressure right maybe other project pressure right maybe other project pressure right maybe other project delays right there are deadlines whole delays right there are deadlines whole delays right there are deadlines whole section M under pressure okay contract section M under pressure okay contract section M under pressure okay contract condition reality so these These are the condition reality so these These are the condition reality so these These are the like a areas that we need to identify uh like a areas that we need to identify uh like a areas that we need to identify uh using AI guys. So now using AI guys. So now using AI guys. So now risk register has been done. See risk register has been done. See risk register has been done. See this is huge guys. this is huge guys. this is huge guys. See if you want to build this kind of See if you want to build this kind of See if you want to build this kind of register how long it will take. Okay we register how long it will take. Okay we register how long it will take. Okay we are not going to look into that deeply are not going to look into that deeply are not going to look into that deeply but see and then now I'm going to give but see and then now I'm going to give but see and then now I'm going to give the fixed work. Okay. Now convert the the fixed work. Okay. Now convert the the fixed work. Okay. Now convert the risk reportable into a formal Q ready risk reportable into a formal Q ready risk reportable into a formal Q ready risk register guys. I am addressing his risk register guys. I am addressing his risk register guys. I am addressing his final concern also. final concern also. final concern also. He is a deeply a domain expert guy who He is a deeply a domain expert guy who He is a deeply a domain expert guy who commented that one is absolutely commented that one is absolutely commented that one is absolutely correct. Okay. So but here stage one is correct. Okay. So but here stage one is correct. Okay. So but here stage one is the onus. We are not going to deep dive the onus. We are not going to deep dive the onus. We are not going to deep dive into the output analysis whether this into the output analysis whether this into the output analysis whether this line is correct. This is that's the line is correct. This is that's the line is correct. This is that's the stage two guys. Okay. Don't confuse. stage two guys. Okay. Don't confuse. stage two guys. Okay. Don't confuse. So now by at this stage we are in stage So now by at this stage we are in stage So now by at this stage we are in stage six. Okay. So we have done the model six. Okay. So we have done the model six. Okay. So we have done the model currency check. We have seen the 3D currency check. We have seen the 3D currency check. We have seen the 3D output. We have seen within 20 seconds output. We have seen within 20 seconds output. We have seen within 20 seconds auto BOQ extractions. Then we build a auto BOQ extractions. Then we build a auto BOQ extractions. Then we build a LLM council to work independent LLM council to work independent LLM council to work independent independently and parallelly. Then we independently and parallelly. Then we independently and parallelly. Then we get all the works and then give it to a get all the works and then give it to a get all the works and then give it to a chairman AI to review and build the risk chairman AI to review and build the risk chairman AI to review and build the risk register. And then from the risk register. And then from the risk register. And then from the risk register he want to build the formal QR register he want to build the formal QR register he want to build the formal QR risk register as well. Okay. I have I risk register as well. Okay. I have I risk register as well. Okay. I have I don't know I have spent around 10 to 15 don't know I have spent around 10 to 15 don't know I have spent around 10 to 15 minutes to entirely work on this one. minutes to entirely work on this one. minutes to entirely work on this one. Right. So finally all the outputs are Right. So finally all the outputs are Right. So finally all the outputs are ready. Okay. Risk register that Excel ready. Okay. Risk register that Excel ready. Okay. Risk register that Excel this Excel all of those beautiful BQ all this Excel all of those beautiful BQ all this Excel all of those beautiful BQ all of them are ready. Okay. All you need to of them are ready. Okay. All you need to of them are ready. Okay. All you need to do is to sharp your domain skills. do is to sharp your domain skills. do is to sharp your domain skills. Number one. Second things understanding Number one. Second things understanding Number one. Second things understanding AI as a system. AI as a system. AI as a system. If you close these two depths, you are If you close these two depths, you are If you close these two depths, you are pretty good pretty good pretty good to face the AI disruption. Let me to face the AI disruption. Let me to face the AI disruption. Let me quickly uh show you this one uh the quickly uh show you this one uh the quickly uh show you this one uh the final QR risk register and then we are final QR risk register and then we are final QR risk register and then we are wind up. Okay. So that's the LLM council wind up. Okay. So that's the LLM council wind up. Okay. So that's the LLM council uh automation video today. So the idea uh automation video today. So the idea uh automation video today. So the idea is guys this part uh stage three like our real this part uh stage three like our real this part uh stage three like our real office simulations. Okay. office simulations. Okay. office simulations. Okay. Now the QR is razor done. Here is the Now the QR is razor done. Here is the Now the QR is razor done. Here is the key data summary. Okay. So see guys you will work like all these So see guys you will work like all these So see guys you will work like all these six stages like two to three months like six stages like two to three months like six stages like two to three months like you can do it in 20 minutes and then you you can do it in 20 minutes and then you you can do it in 20 minutes and then you can take another two days to review it can take another two days to review it can take another two days to review it done. See all those things are there QR register. all those things are there QR register. all those things are there QR register. Okay guys, so I hope you understand the Okay guys, so I hope you understand the Okay guys, so I hope you understand the highle flow how AI can accelerate your highle flow how AI can accelerate your highle flow how AI can accelerate your work. Okay, not too much about the work. Okay, not too much about the work. Okay, not too much about the output, the correctness, right? The output, the correctness, right? The output, the correctness, right? The accuracy. That's the stage two guys. accuracy. That's the stage two guys. accuracy. That's the stage two guys. Okay, any questions please put it in the Okay, any questions please put it in the Okay, any questions please put it in the comment. I'll try to address it. If comment. I'll try to address it. If comment. I'll try to address it. If there is anything I want to add also there is anything I want to add also there is anything I want to add also just uh put it as a conversation, right? just uh put it as a conversation, right? just uh put it as a conversation, right? I will make sure I will address it. I will make sure I will address it. I will make sure I will address it. Okay, thank you for watching the video. Okay, thank you for watching the video. Okay, thank you for watching the video. We'll see you on the next video. If you We'll see you on the next video. If you We'll see you on the next video. If you like it, please subscribe the channel. like it, please subscribe the channel. like it, please subscribe the channel. Please follow my Facebook page so you Please follow my Facebook page so you Please follow my Facebook page so you won't be get lost. Thank you.
